Board Policy Manual
Waterloo Schools
RReegguullaattiioonn 220088..00--RR((11)):: BBooaarrdd CCoommmmiitttteeeess -- RReegguullaattiioonn SSttaattuuss:: ADOPTED
OOrriiggiinnaall AAddoopptteedd DDaattee:: 02/05/2026 || LLaasstt RReevviieewweedd DDaattee:: 02/05/2026
Committees Generally
The Board or Superintendent, when designated, have discretion to form committees. The specific purpose of each
committee varies depending on the type of committee (standing or ad hoc) and the subject matter. Generally, the
primary purpose of a committee is to reduce the amount of work required of each Board member, concentrating
expertise on a subject matter to the committee. The committee gives advice on the specific subject matter that leads
to recommendations to the Board. The advice should focus on the specific purpose and duties stated in the Board
resolution establishing the committee. It is the Board’s role to take action based on recommendations received from
the committee. Committees cannot legally obligate the District in any manner, only the Board has the power and
authority to do so.
Most committees are subject to the open meetings law. As required by Iowa law, newly appointed members must
undergo and complete training on the responsibilities and requirements for open meetings and open records laws.
The training must be approved by the Iowa Public Information Board.
The District may maintain the following standing committees:
School Improvement Advisory Committee (SIAC): SIAC meets 2-4 times per year and makes recommendations
to the Board of Education with regard to progress achieved with annual improvement goals for the state
indicators that address reading, mathematics, and science; progress achieved with other locally determined
indicators; annual improvement goals for the state indicators that address reading, mathematics, and science.
Policy Review Committee (PRC): PRC meets regularly throughout the school year to review proposed Board
policies, regulations and exhibits. The committee makes recommendations to (1) move proposed policies
forward for Board review and adoption; (2) approve the adoption of Board regulations and exhibits; and/or (3)
recommend the proposed policies, regulations and/or exhibits be returned to District Leadership for further
review.
Finance Committee: The Finance Committee meets on a monthly basis, providing oversight of public funds to
ensure maximum educational value for every tax dollar. Its primary role is to review and make a
recommendation for the annual budget to the School Board. The committee reviews financial audits, monitors
monthly expenditures, and maintains the fiscal transparency required to uphold public trust. Their work
ensures the school remains financially stable and that resources are distributed equitably to support student
achievement.
Facilities Committee: The Facilities Committee meets on a monthly basis, overseeing the district’s physical
assets to ensure a safe, modern, and efficient learning environment. The committee is responsible for making
recommendations to the School Board in regards to prioritization of infrastructure repairs, planning of long-
term capital improvements, monitoring site security, and district transportation needs. Their goal is to ensure
that all physical spaces are conducive to learning and meet current safety and accessibility standards.
Role of Committee Members
The primary role of committee members is to bring a diversity of viewpoints and a level of expertise to the
committee, working with each other towards a common goal. In doing so, it is important to listen to and respect the
opinions of others. When the committee makes a recommendation to the Board, it is important for the committee
members to support the majority decision of the committee. A committee will function best when its members work
within the committee framework, bringing items of business to the committee for discussion.
Committee Framework
Only the Board or Superintendent, when designated, has the authority to appoint members to a committee. The
Board may request input from individuals or organizations, or it may seek volunteers to serve. Committees consist of
a committee chair (usually the department director) who assists the committee with staying on topic, encourages
participation from each committee member and reports the committee’s findings and recommendations to the
Board. Boards must follow the legal limitations or requirements regarding membership of a committee.
Committees should appoint a secretary who takes the minutes of the meeting to document the meeting and any
recommendations to be brought to the Board. The secretary and committee chair may be the same designated
member. The secretary of the committee will submit all documentation to the Board Secretary for legal compliance
with the Open Meetings law.
Removal and Vacancies

A committee member may be considered for removal from a committee should the committee member fail to
regularly attend meetings. Committee members are expected to contribute to the committees in meaningful ways.
Lack of attendance disrupts the purpose of the committee and the role of the committee member. Vacancies are
filled in the same manner as the initial appointment, by the Board or Superintendent.
Legal Ref.: Iowa Code §§ 21; 279.8; 280.12.
281 I.A.C. 12.3.