Exhibit B
District Audit Committee Charter
Revised 5-01-19
Organization
There shall be a committee of the Board of Education (Board) to be known as the audit
committee. The Audit Committee is organized as a permanent citizen’s committee comprised of
Board members and non-Board members (experts in finance and audit). The committee shall be
comprised of no more than ten members. Audit committee members shall be comprised of the
following:
1. One member of the Board of Education in a liaison capacity
2. One member who is a member of the Iowa Society of CPA’s
3. Members who are representative of the business community
4. Members who are representative of the District community
Members shall be appointed by the Audit Committee and approved by the Board of Education at
the first meeting in July. Audit Committee members shall serve 3-year staggered terms. The
Audit committee will annually appoint a chair from currently serving members and request BOE
approval of the chair at the first meeting in July
The audit committee is established by and operates under the authority of the Cedar Rapids
Community School’s Board policy.
The Executive Director – Business Services/Board Treasurer will facilitate the Audit Committee
meetings and provide liaison support to the Board of Education on the Audit Committee
activities. The Executive Director – Business Services/Board Treasurer will serve the committee
in an ex-officio capacity.
District employees may be requested to provide periodic reports to the audit committee,
especially the following:
1. The Executive Director of Business Services/Board Treasurer
2. The Accounting Manager
3. The Director of Technology
Additionally, the District’s External Auditor will supply reports & information as requested by
the Committee.
The Audit Committee shall annually appoint a committee chairperson. The chairperson shall be
selected from the community members serving. The Audit Committee chairperson will
recommend new members to the committee as appropriate with membership based upon a
majority vote of the committee.
The Audit Committee on an annual basis can elect to appoint a committee chairperson pro tem.
The chairperson pro tem will run the meeting when the chairperson is absent. The chairperson pro
tem will be given first consideration to be the chairperson for the following year.
Members from the community who will serve on the Audit Committee will be comprised of
individuals preferably with business expertise, who possess a basic understanding of
governmental financial reporting and auditing and are preferably residents of the Cedar Rapids
Community Schools, or who have children who attend the Cedar Rapids Community Schools.
Role

The Audit Committee will provide the Cedar Rapids Community District with the practical
means for the Board of Education to provide independent review and oversight of the District’s
financial reporting processes, internal controls, the independent auditors, and the District’s
process for monitoring compliance with laws and regulations. The Audit Committee will also
provide a forum separate from management in which auditors and other interested parties can
candidly discuss concerns.
The Audit Committee will help to ensure that District management properly develops and adheres
to a sound system of internal controls, that procedures are in place to objectively assess District
management practices and that the independent auditors, through their own review, objectively
assess the District’s financial reporting processes.
Duration of Service
Community members: Three-year term
Ex-officio members:
Executive Director – Business Services / Board Treasurer - Ongoing facilitator and ex-officio
member
Liaisons:
Board of Education member
Accounting Manager
Director of Technology
Other District staff as appropriate
Authority
The audit committee has the authority to conduct or authorize investigations into any matters
within its scope of responsibility. It is empowered to:
• Recommend the appointment and work product of the independent auditing firm
• Resolve any disagreement between management and the auditor regarding financial
reporting
• Pre-approve all auditing and non-auditing services to be completed by the external
auditors
• Seek any information it requires from employees – all of whom are directed to cooperate
with the committee’s requests
• Meet with District Management, external auditors, or outside counsel as necessary
The Audit Committee shall
1. Review and reassess the adequacy of this Charter periodically, but at least every three
years, and recommend any proposed changes to the Board of Education for approval.
2. Review and discuss the District’s annual audited financial statements with management
and the independent auditors.
3. Review and discuss results of the independent auditor’s special Activity Fund audits with
management and the independent auditors.
4. Review with the independent auditors any major issues as to the adequacy of the
District’s internal controls and any special audit steps adopted in light of material control
deficiencies.
5. Review with management their views on the District’s major financial risk exposures,
including the District’s insurance selection/risk management policies, asset management
procedures and information technology (IT) risks. The Audit Committee should discuss
guidelines and policies that govern the process by which risk assessment and
management is undertaken.

6. Receive Metro Interagency Insurance Program (MIIP) updates at a minimum twice a
year.
7. Review with management and the independent auditors Board policies and procedures
with respect to fiscal management of District resources.
8. Review with management and independent auditors the financial health of the District
including controls over budget development and key budget trend information as well as
the financial status of the District in relation to its adopted budget.
9. Review and provide guidance in revising the Audit Request for Proposal, (RFP) at least
every five years. The Audit Committee shall receive a recommendation from District
management regarding the selection of the independent auditing firm but will retain the
ultimate authority for selection and recommendation to the Board of Education for
approval.
10. Annually meet with the independent auditors to review and approve the scope of the
audit.
11. Meet with the district attorney twice a year.
12. Retain the authority to approve in advance all audit services, including engagement fees,
scope and terms.
13. Discuss with management and the independent auditors the effects of local, state and
federal regulatory requirements and accounting initiatives.
14. Review the experience and qualifications of the independent auditor’s senior members as
well as members of the team assigned to the District audit.
15. Review and consider once every five years, a rotation of the audit partner responsible for
the District independent audit, in coordination with the five-year audit RFP award.
16. Obtain and review reports from the independent auditors on an annual basis describing,
a. the auditor’s internal quality control procedures,
b. any material issues raised by the most recent quality control review or peer
review of the firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or
professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more
independent audits carried out by the firm,
c. any steps taken to deal with any such issues and
d. all relationships between the independent auditors and the District.
17. Review with the independent auditors, any significant problems or difficulties the
auditors may have encountered in the course of the annual audit work and any
management letter provided by the auditors and the District’s response to that letter. Such
review should include:
a. any significant difficulties encountered in the course of the audit work,
b. any restrictions on the scope of the independent auditor’s activities or access to
required information,
c. significant changes to the audit plan and
d. any disagreement with management, which if not satisfactorily responded would
have affected the auditor’s opinion.
18. Meet 8 times each year, or more if necessary. These meetings will allow Audit
Committee members to meet with the independent auditor based upon need. Other
District Management personnel, liaisons, will be asked to present as needed. The Audit
Committee may ask other members of management or anyone else as desired by the
committee to attend meetings.
19. Review the procedures for the receipt, retention, and treatment of complaints received by
the District regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, auditing matters, or
suspected fraud that may be submitted by any party internal or external to the District.
Review any complaints that have been received, current status, and resolution if one has
been reached.
20. Annually review its own performance.

21. Provide annually to the Board of Education a written report of how it has discharged its
duties and met its responsibilities. This report should include among other items, any
material issues that arise with respect to:
a. the quality or integrity of the District’s financial statements,
b. the District’s compliance with legal or regulatory requirements,
c. the qualifications, performance and independence of the independent auditors
and
d. the qualifications, performance and effectiveness of District financial
management staff.
It is further understood that this report will be made public according to Iowa Law
governing school Districts and be accompanied by the Audit Committee Charter or other
documentation establishing the functions and role of the Audit Committee. Members of
the Audit Committee may be requested by the Board of Education to represent the
committee at additional Board meetings upon request.
22. Create a tentative agenda for all committee meetings for the ensuing year.
23. Annually appoint a committee chairperson and fill committee vacancies at the expiration
of existing members three-year terms or as needed.
Duration of the Audit Committee
The Audit Committee shall remain in effect until repealed or amended by the Board of Education.

Exhibit C
Cedar Rapids Community School District
Audit Committee Charter Matrix
Revised 5-01-19
Audit Committee Steps to Accomplish Deliverable Committee Agenda
Charter the Objective Frequency
1. Review and reassess Assess the Report to the Board of Place on the Audit
the adequacy of this appropriateness of each Education any revisions Committee agenda at
Charter periodically, point in the charter in to the Audit Committee least once every three
but at least every three light of ongoing Charter. years at the May meeting.
years, and recommend developments. Assess
any proposed changes the completeness of the Board approval of (Last revised September
to the Board of charter in light of new Charter revisions. 30, 2015)
Education for approval. best practices and
accounting
requirements.
2. Review and discuss Annually review a Committee provides Review CAFR annually
the District’s annual copy of the most recent feedback to at the January committee
audited financial audited Comprehensive management and meeting.
statements with Annual Financial independent auditors.
management and the Report.
independent auditors. Committee reports Management,
findings to the Board of Independent Auditor and
Education. representatives of the
Audit Committee report
at the appropriate Board
meeting.
3. Review and discuss Receive and review a Committee provides Annually review special
results of the copy of all special feedback to Activity Fund audits at
independent auditor’s Activity Fund audits. management and the January and June
special Activity Fund independent auditors. committee meetings.
audits with Committee reports
management and the findings to the Board of
independent auditors. Education.
4. Review with the Committee meets Committee provides Review of internal
independent auditors independently with feedback to control strengths and
any major issues as to independent auditors management and weaknesses at the
the adequacy of the and reviews District’s independent auditors. January committee
District’s internal internal control meeting and other
controls and any special strengths and committee meetings as
audit steps adopted in weaknesses. appropriate.
light of material control
deficiencies.
5. Review with District insurance Committee provides Review annually at the
management their representative to feedback to District September November
views on the District’s review the material insurance, IT and asset and December meeting,
major financial risk insurable risks that the management or more frequently if
exposures, including District faces. District representatives in needed.
the District’s insurance management to review identifying ways of
selection/risk IT and asset mitigating risks and
management policies, management policies when possible acquiring
asset management and procedures. Other insurance to cover such
1

Exhibit C
Cedar Rapids Community School District
Audit Committee Charter Matrix
Revised 5-01-19
Audit Committee Steps to Accomplish Deliverable Committee Agenda
Charter the Objective Frequency
procedures and risks that may be risks.
information technology identified by
(IT) risks. The Audit management and/or
Committee should Committee members
discuss guidelines and may be included for
policies that govern the review as well. Review
process by which risk annually or as events
assessment and occur.
management is
undertaken.
6. Receive Metro The District The Committee will see Place on the September
Interagency Insurance representative on the the District progress to and March Audit
Program (MIIP) MIIP board or the MIIP improve its financial Committee agenda.
updates at least 2 times consultants will position within MIIP.
a year. provide the updates.
7. Review with A: Each year the The Committee’s Place on the Audit
management and the Committee will review improved understanding Committee agenda each
independent auditors policies, regulations of Board policies, year. Review at the April
Board policies, and procedures for regulations and meeting.
regulations and awareness and procedures with respect
procedures with respect understanding. to fiscal management of
to fiscal management of (During this annual District resources
District resources. review, suggested
revisions/changes are
always welcomed)
B: The Committee will Committee Place on the Audit
coordinate their review recommended revisions Committee agenda to
and suggestions for to fiscal management review in coordination
changes & revisions to Board Policies, with the PRC. Next
policies, regulations Procedures and anticipated date for PRC
and procedures with Regulations are review January 2019.
the District’s Policy submitted to the Board
Review Committee of Education for
(PRC). The PRC approval.
reviews all Board
policies, regulations
and procedures on a
five year rotating cycle.
8. Review with Management and Committee provides Review annually at the
management and independent auditors feedback to December committee
2

Exhibit C
Cedar Rapids Community School District
Audit Committee Charter Matrix
Revised 5-01-19
Audit Committee Steps to Accomplish Deliverable Committee Agenda
Charter the Objective Frequency
independent auditors will provide all management and meeting.
the financial health of necessary reports for independent auditors.
the District including the committee to
controls over budget review including the
development and key LEA-CAR, and key
budget trend budgetary and financial
information as well as trends indicating
the financial status of financial condition.
the District in relation
to its adopted budget.
9. Review and provide Management will Evaluation and scoring Place on the Audit
guidance in revising the present to the of the RFP will be Committee agenda once
Audit Request for committee a draft audit conducted by every five years, or more
Proposal, (RFP) at least RFP for feedback and management and will often if necessary.
every five years. The improvement. The include two Committee
Audit Committee shall committee will review members who are November committee
receive a the required audit interested in meeting to review RFP.
recommendation from scope and how it is participating in the
District management tailored to cover the evaluation process as March committee
regarding the selection material risks as required within the meeting to approve
of the independent identified by Audit RFP. selection of independent
auditing firm but will management and the auditing firm.
retain the ultimate independent auditors. Committee will receive
authority for selection Management will make and review a summary (Next 5 year cycle:
and recommendation to requested revisions and of responses to the audit November 2021 and
the Board of Education submit RFP to RFP provided by March 2022)
for approval. prospective auditing management.
firms. Committee members
will consider
management’s
recommendation then
select the firm to be
recommended for
Board of Education
approval.
10. Annually meet with Independent auditors Committee will provide Review annually at the
the independent will review the scope feedback and help March meeting.
auditors to review and of both the annual and determine if revisions
approve the scope of special audits and are warranted. (This review will also be
the audit. Agreed Upon part of the Audit RFP
Procedures to be process.)
conducted.
11. Annually meet with The district attorney Committee will provide Attorney will attend the
the district attorney. will review the attorney management with November and March
letter that was feedback. committee meetings.
submitted to the auditor
3

Exhibit C
Cedar Rapids Community School District
Audit Committee Charter Matrix
Revised 5-01-19
Audit Committee Steps to Accomplish Deliverable Committee Agenda
Charter the Objective Frequency
and any other pertinent
legal issues.
12. Retain the authority Management to provide Committee will provide Place on the Audit
to approve in advance committee information management with Committee agenda as
all audit services, related to any proposed feedback. necessary.
including engagement changes in audit
fees, scope and terms. services.
13. Discuss with Management and Committee will provide Review at the April
management and the independent auditors management with meeting to provide
independent auditors will provide committee feedback. sufficient time to be
the effects of local, information updates included in the audit
state and federal and recommended scope.
regulatory requirements District
and accounting direction/response
initiatives. regarding the impact of
local, state and federal
regulatory
requirements and
accounting initiatives.
14. Review the Annually, the Committee will review Review annually at the
experience and independent auditor list submitted and March meeting to
qualifications of the will submit to the provide management provide sufficient time to
independent auditor’s committee a list of and independent auditor make changes in auditing
senior members as well senior members, and with feedback. staff if needed.
as members of the team members of the District
assigned to the District assigned audit team
audit. including their
experience and
qualifications.
15. Review and The Audit Committee Committee will review Place on the Audit
consider at least once has the right to request recommended audit Committee agenda once
every five years, a a change in audit partner assigned and every five years (or more
rotation of the audit partner in coordination provide management frequently as appropriate)
partner responsible for with the Audit RFP and independent auditor at the March meeting in
the District independent process. (The with feedback. coordination with the
audit, in coordination committee recognizes Audit RFP process.
with the five -year audit the difficulties inherent (Next review at the
RFP award. in rotating the audit March 2022 meeting)
partner.)
16. Obtain and review On an annual basis, the Committee will review Review annually at the
reports from the independent auditor report prepared by the March meeting.
independent auditors on will prepare a report independent auditor and
an annual basis providing all necessary provide feedback to
describing, information to be management and the
a. the auditor’s presented to the audit independent auditor.
internal quality committee.
control procedures,
4

Exhibit C
Cedar Rapids Community School District
Audit Committee Charter Matrix
Revised 5-01-19
Audit Committee Steps to Accomplish Deliverable Committee Agenda
Charter the Objective Frequency
b. any material issues
raised by the most
recent quality
control review or
peer review of the
firm, or by any
inquiry or
investigation by
governmental or
professional
authorities within
the preceding five
years respecting
one or more
independent audits
carried out by the
firm,
c. any steps taken to
deal with any such
issues and
d. all relationships
between the
independent
auditors and the
District.
17. Review with the Committee to meet Committee provides Review annually at the
independent auditors, with independent feedback to November committee
any significant auditors without management regarding meeting.
problems or difficulties management present to findings and if
the auditors may have review any and all warranted, committee
encountered in the significant problems or reports findings directly
course of the annual difficulties related to to the Board of
audit work and any the annual audit, and Education.
management letter management responses
provided by the to the annual audit
auditors and the report.
District’s response to
that letter. Such review
should include:
a. any significant
difficulties
encountered in the
course of the audit
work,
b. any restrictions on
the scope of the
independent
5

Exhibit C
Cedar Rapids Community School District
Audit Committee Charter Matrix
Revised 5-01-19
Audit Committee Steps to Accomplish Deliverable Committee Agenda
Charter the Objective Frequency
auditor’s activities
or access to
required
information,
c. significant changes
to the audit plan
and
d. any disagreement
with management,
which if not
satisfactorily
responded would
have affected the
auditor’s opinion.
18. Meet 8 times each All members should be Prepare minutes that Minutes should be
year, or more if expected to attend. document decisions distributed as soon as
necessary. These made and action steps possible but no later than
meetings will allow Prepare agendas for and approve them before the next meeting.
Audit Committee meetings and provide
members to meet with to members in advance,
the independent auditor along with appropriate
based upon need. Other briefing materials.
District Management
personnel, liaisons, will
be asked to present as
needed. The Audit
Committee may ask
other members of
management or anyone
else as desired by the
committee to attend
meetings.
19. Review the Review procedures Review a cumulative Review at each meeting
procedures for the with management. list of complaints
receipt, retention, and submitted to date for
treatment of complaints Review all complaints common patterns or
received by the District that have been received other observations.
regarding accounting, and the status of
internal accounting resolution.
controls, auditing
matters, or suspected Ensure that proper
fraud that may be steps are taken to
submitted by any party investigate complaints
internal or external to and resolve them in a
the District. Review timely manner.
any complaints that
6

Exhibit C
Cedar Rapids Community School District
Audit Committee Charter Matrix
Revised 5-01-19
Audit Committee Steps to Accomplish Deliverable Committee Agenda
Charter the Objective Frequency
have been received,
current status, and
resolution if one has
been reached.
20. Annually review its The Audit committee Discuss Annually: review process
own performance and should conduct a self- recommendations for at the May meeting and
effectiveness. assessment evaluation improving the review results at the June
of all members. effectiveness of the meeting.
audit committee with
the Board of Education
21. Provide annually to Committee members A written summary Review annually at both
the Board of Education will determine the report will be available May and June meetings
a written report of how format and substance for the Board of in preparation for the
the committee has of the report with Education and annual report to the
discharged its duties management and community at large. Board of Education.
and met its independent auditors
responsibilities. This providing resources as
report should include needed.
among other items, any
material issues that
arise with respect to:
a. the quality or
integrity of the
District’s financial
statements,
b. the District’s
compliance with
legal or regulatory
requirements,
c. the qualifications,
performance and
independence of
the independent
auditors and
d. the qualifications,
performance and
effectiveness of
District financial
management staff.
It is further understood
that this report will be
made public according
to Iowa Law governing
school Districts and be
accompanied by the
Audit Committee
7

Exhibit C
Cedar Rapids Community School District
Audit Committee Charter Matrix
Revised 5-01-19
Audit Committee Steps to Accomplish Deliverable Committee Agenda
Charter the Objective Frequency
Charter or other
documentation
establishing the
functions and role of
the Audit Committee.
Members of the Audit
Committee may be
requested by the Board
of Education to
represent the committee
at additional Board
meetings upon request.
22. Create a tentative Management will use Committee will review Review annually at the
agenda for all the Audit Committee tentative agenda for all April meeting in
committee meetings for Charter Matrix tool as a committee meetings for preparation for the
the ensuing year. guide to structure and the ensuing year and upcoming fiscal year.
organize committee provide feedback to
agenda. Management for
revisions and
improvements.
23. Annually appoint a Annually, the New committee Committee to discuss
committee chairperson committee shall members may rotate appointment of
and fill committee determine within its every three years and committee chair and new
vacancies at the membership, who will the Chairperson every committee member(s) at
expiration of existing serve as the committee year. the April meeting with
members three-year chair. The chairperson appointment at the May
terms or as needed. will recommend new meeting in preparation for
committee members. the upcoming fiscal year.
8