208.R1 - Board Committees - Regulation
Updated Nov 14 2025
Adopted: 11/11/25
History:
Committees Generally
The board or superintendent, when designated, have discretion to form committees. The specific purpose of each committee varies depending on the type of
committee (standing or ad hoc) and the subject matter. Generally, the primary purpose of a committee is to reduce the amount of work required of each board
member, concentrating expertise on a subject matter to the committee. The
committee gives advice on the specific subject matter that leads to recommendations to the board. The advice should focus on the specific purpose and duties
stated in the board resolution establishing the committee. It is the board's role to take action based on recommendations received from the committee. Committees
cannot legally obligate the district in any manner, only the board has the power and authority to do so.
Most committees are subject to the open meetings law. As required by Iowa law, newly appointed committee members must undergo and complete training on the
responsibilities and requirements for open meetings and open records laws. The training must be approved by the Iowa Public Information Board.
Role of Committee Members
The primary role of committee members is to bring a diversity of viewpoints and a level of expertise to the committee, working with each other towards a common
goal. In doing so, it is important to listen to and respect the opinions of others. When the committee makes a recommendation to the board, it is important for the
committee members to support the majority decision of the committee. A committee will function best when its members work within the committee framework,
bringing items of business to the committee for discussion.
Committee Framework
Only the board or the superintendent, when designated, has the authority to appoint members to a committee. The board may request input from individuals or
organizations, or it may seek volunteers to serve. Committees consist of a committee chair (often a board member) who assists the committee with staying on topic,
encourages participation from each committee member and reports the committee’s findings and recommendations to the board. Boards must follow the
legal limitations or requirements regarding membership of a committee.
Committees should appoint a secretary who takes the minutes of the meeting to document the meeting and any recommendations to be brought to the board. The
secretary and the committee chair may be the same designated member. The secretary of the committee will submit all documentation to the board secretary for
legal compliance with the open meetings law.
Terms of Office
Unless otherwise stated in the resolution, appointed committee members will serve two-year staggered terms. The staggered terms will expire so there is no more
than one third of the terms expiring at the same time. The board should be prepared for committee transition by having a list of candidates ready for appointment to
that committee.
Removal and Vacancies
A committee member may be considered for removal from a committee should the committee member fail to attend 75% of meetings within the year. Committee
members are expected to contribute to the committees in meaningful ways. Lack of attendance disrupts the purpose of the committee and the role of the committee
member. Removal is not automatic and must go before the board. Vacancies are filled in the same manner as the initial appointment, by the board
or superintendent.