800 Policies – Buildings & Sites
800 Objectives of Buildings & Sites
801.1 Buildings & Sites Long Range Planning
801.2 Buildings & Sites Surveys
801.3 Educational Specifications for Buildings & Sites
801.3G1 Facility Modification Guideline
801.3G2 New School Name Guideline
801.3G3 Naming or Renaming School Facilities Guideline
801.3G4 Factors for Facilities Planning
801.4 Site Acquisition
802.1 Maintenance Schedule
802.1G1 - Grounds for Pesticides Guideline
802.2 Requests for Improvements
802.3 Emergency Repairs
802.4 Capital Assets
802.4R1 Capital Assets
802.4R2 Capital Assets Management System Definition
802.5 Buildings & Sites Adaptation for Persons with Disabilities
802.6 Vandalism
802.7 Energy Conservation
803.1 Disposition of Obsolete Equipment
803.1G1 Disposition of School District Equipment
803.2 Lease, Sale or Disposal of School District Buildings & Sites
804.1 Facilities Inspections
804.2 District Emergency Operations Plans

804.4 Asbestos Containing Material
804.5 Stock Prescription Medication Supply /Naloxone Policy
804.5R1 Intranasal Naloxone Protocol
804.6 Use of Recording Devices on School Property
804.6R1 Use of District Owned Recording Devices on District Property Regulation
804.7 Radon Mitigation
804.7R1 Radon Mitigation

800 - Objectives of Buildings & Sites
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
This series of the board policy manual sets forth the board objectives and goals for the school district's
buildings and sites. It is the goal of the board to provide sufficient school district buildings and sites for the
education program. The board will strive to provide an environment which will encourage and support
learning.
In providing this environment, the school district buildings and sites will accommodate the organizational
and instructional patterns that support the education program. The board has final authority to determine
what is necessary to meet the needs of the education program.
It is the responsibility of the superintendent or designee to oversee the day-to-day operations of the school
buildings and sites and to notify the board of areas in need of improvement.

801.1 - Buildings & Sites Long Range Planning
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
As part of the board's long range plan for the school district's education program, the board will include
the buildings and sites needs for the education program. The long-term needs for buildings and sites
will be discussed and determined by the board.
It is the responsibility of the superintendent or designee to provide information including, but not limited
to, enrollment projections and education program requirements to the board.
Policy References:
Legal Reference:
Iowa Code §§ 280.3, .12, .14; 297.
Cross Reference:
103 Long-Range Needs Assessment
103.R1 - Long-Range Needs Assessment Regulation

801.2 - Buildings & Sites Surveys
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
The board may engage the services of consultants or other personnel to study the needs of the school
district's buildings and sites in providing the education program. The results of these services will be
considered in planning the education program and in making decisions about the improvement and
acquisition of additional buildings and sites.
It is the responsibility of the superintendent or designee Chief Operating Officer to make a
recommendation to the board regarding the need for such services and who should perform such services
for the board.
Policy References:
Legal Reference:
Iowa Code §§ 280.3, .14; 297.
Cross Reference:
103 - Long-Range Needs Assessment
103.R1 - Long-Range Needs Assessment Regulation

801.3 - Educational Specifications For Buildings & Sites
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 8/13/24 (updated), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
Buildings and sites considered for purchase or construction by the board or currently owned by the school
district and used for the education program must meet, or upon improvement be able to meet, the
specifications set by the board. The board will make this determination.
Prior to remodeling or other construction of buildings and sites, the board may appoint a committee of
consultants, employees, citizens, or others to assist the board in developing the specifications for the new
or improved buildings and sites. These specifications will be consistent with the education program, and
they will provide the architect with the information necessary to determine what is expected from the
facility. It is within the discretion of the board to determine whether a committee is appointed.
The education specifications will include, but not be limited to, the financial resources available for the
project, the definition and character of classrooms, the functional use to be made of the rooms, description
of specialized needs, and other pertinent information as the board deems necessary.
The district will publish on the district website information related to the square footage of each school
building owned by the district; enrollment capacity of each attendance center owned by the district; how
the building is currently utilized by the district, and school buildings owned by the district that are vacant.
It is the responsibility of the superintendent or designee to make a recommendation to the board
regarding the specifications of buildings and sites.
Policy References:
Legal Reference:
Cedar Rapids Community School District, Linn County v. City of Cedar Rapids, 252 Iowa 205, 106 N.W.2d 655
(1960).
Iowa Code §§ 8A; 26; 280.3, .14; 297; 544A.

801.3G1 - Facility Modification Guideline
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (updated), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (updated)
The district’s Facilities Department is responsible for constructing and maintaining all district facilities, including
management of architects, engineers, consultants, and contractors. A staff of custodians, grounds maintenance,
carpenters, electricians, plumbers, HVAC technicians, painters, locksmiths, mechanics, and administrative staff ensure
district facilities are efficiently and effectively maintained and constructed to ensure safe and healthy learning
environments for students. In order to provide adequate and ongoing support for facilities, Facilities must be included in
decisions involving modifications to a facility and any projects to modify facilities must be approved by the Chief
Operating Officer. Facilities Management can assist with getting quotes, determining alternatives to consider,
identifying what the district can and cannot support, identifying potential additional expenses, ensuring compliance
with codes and regulations, etc.
For the purposes of this guideline, the term “facility” includes any grounds or structures owned, leased, or operated by
the district, including school buildings, administrative offices, playgrounds, athletic fields, parking lots, etc. The term
“modification” includes any projects that are permanent or semi-permanent changes to the facility or projects that
affect the efficiency and effectiveness of facility maintenance. Examples of modifications include creating or expanding
gardens or playgrounds; installing statues, signs, or book boxes (lending libraries); painting; installing or moving
electrical outlets or network ports; erecting fences; constructing or removing knee walls; adding or removing doorways;
etc. This policy applies to all facility modifications, even if those modifications are being done at no cost to the district
(such as with volunteer labor, donations, grants, etc.). (Note that projects involving fundraising must also comply with
other applicable administrative guidelines.)
The process for receiving input and approval from Facilities Improvements varies based on several factors, including the
scope of the project and the funding mechanism. Several scenarios are described below. Situations not described by
one of these scenarios should be discussed with the Chief Operating Officer or Deputy Superintendent.
Scenario 1
A parent group has volunteered to paint some hallways over the summer at no cost to the district. The principal of this
building should contact the Chief Operating Officer or Senior Facilities Manager for approval and so this work can be
coordinated with the district wide painting schedule, colors can be recorded for future touch-up, and to ensure the
painting meets the district’s standards.
Scenario 2
A community group approaches district staff or principals about a desire to place signs or statues on several sites
throughout the district. District staff should contact the Chief Operating Officer or Senior Facilities Manager for approval
and so this work can be coordinated with the grounds maintenance staff. Placement of such signs or statues can affect
the grounds maintenance equipment needed at a particular site.
Scenario 3
A school neighbor offers to create a large garden on a school site. The principal of that building should contact the Chief
Operating Officer for approval and so that the garden can be sized and located in such a way that snow removal and
grounds maintenance can still be done efficiently and effectively. The principal should also contact appropriate
curricular personnel if this modification is designed to address curricular needs.
It is important to include Facilities early in the process of facility modification discussions. This may include inviting
Facilities staff to initial brainstorming meetings, vendor demonstrations, and similar discussions early in the planning
process. The facilities expertise of the Facilities staff can supplement the expertise in other areas to ensure the district
obtains the best work, at reasonable prices, compliant with applicable codes and regulations, and is able to provide
immediate and ongoing support efficiently and effectively.
Any questions about this guideline should be directed to the Chief Operating Officer or Deputy Superintendent.

801.3G2 - New School Name Guideline
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (updated), 5/9/23 (updated), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
Process Recommendations
1. Receive name suggestions from the community
2. Select a screening committee (Appointment by Superintendent or designee and Board President)
• School volunteer
• District administrator
• District staff/faculty member (4)
• ICEA appointed teacher
• ICEA appointed associate
• Facilities Management employee
• Secretary employee
• Community member
• Parent
• DPO President
• School Board Member
• Student
3. Screening committee identified criteria for name selection, for example:
• Famous American (H. Hoover)
• Well-known Iowa City resident (B. Shimek)
• Person who is/was known to foster education (H. Lemme)
4. Screening committee reviews suggested names
• Buildings shall not be named after living individuals
• Identify characteristics of the individual that support naming a school after them
• Select the name of consensus
5. Screening committee recommends name to Board
6. Board approves recommendation and announces the name at a public meeting.

801.3G3 - Naming or Renaming School Facilities Guideline
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (updated), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
The naming of new school buildings will follow a board of directors prescribed process (Board Policy 801.3G2) and will be considered
for approval by the board of directors. The naming of facilities within or around district buildings (rooms, fields, courts, grounds,
complexes, etc.) shall follow the process set forth below.
Facilities within or around district buildings will not be named or renamed except for compelling reasons as determined by the
superintendent or designee and shall not be named for living individuals.
Requests or recommendations for naming or renaming school facilities shall originate with the building principal. Should the principal
deem that a recommendation should move forward, they shall bring the request/recommendation to the superintendent or
designee. The principal’s request must be accompanied by nomination documents that shall include:
• a letter of support from the principal
• documentation of the individual's or entity's accomplishments and contributions
• the results of a reasonable background investigation of the individual or entity
• documentation verifying that the principal publicly posted their desire to name or rename a school
facility including all results of input received from school district staff and the broader community about
the merits of naming or renaming the facility for the individual or entity
If an individual is the proposed objective of the naming or renaming, that individual shall:
• be deceased
• have made an outstanding contribution to education, humanity, community and/or the district
• have displayed outstanding leadership or be a person of historical significance
Principals are advised to strongly consider other forms of recognition besides naming or renaming facilities. Examples include
recognizing the individual or entity at a dedication ceremony or adding the individual or entity to a “wall of honor.”
The superintendent or designee shall have the sole authority to make a final decision as to whether compelling reasons exist that
allow the naming or renaming of a facility.

801.3G4 - Factors for Facilities Planning
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (updated), 5/9/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (updated)
The factors listed below have been found helpful to the board and to the administration when developing
comprehensive short- and long- term facilities plans. No attempt has been made to prioritize the factors
and it is recognized that in some cases accomplishment of one objective might prohibit the
accomplishment of another.
• Base decision on available data
• Promote safety
• Provide opportunity for stakeholder input
• Optimize the relationship between facilities and enhanced learning
• Ensure educational opportunities for all students
• Address immediate, short-term and long-term needs
• Design for physical accessibility
• Utilize current capacity
• Consider projections of future enrollment and residential growth potential
• Plan for locations of special education programs
• Do not allow schools to become too large or too small
• Plan and design for flexibility to accommodate changes in mission, programs and instructional
strategies
• Plan and design to accommodate changes in technology
• Ensure decisions are fiscally and environmentally responsible
• Plan and design for partnerships and community use of facilities

801.4 - Site Acquisition
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
Sites acquired by the board will meet or, upon improvement, be able to meet the specifications set out by
the board prior to using the site for the education program. The board may meet in closed session to discuss
potential purchases of specific sites in compliance with applicable laws
It is the responsibility of the superintendent or designee Chief Operating Officer to assist the board and to
make recommendations concerning the acquisition of sites.
Policy References:
Legal Reference:
Iowa Code §§ 21.5(j); 297.
Cross Reference:
212 Closed Session
705.1 Purchasing - Bidding
705.1R1 Purchasing – Bidding - Suspension and Debarment of Vendors and Contractors Procedure
705.1R2 Purchasing – Bidding - Using Federal Funds in Procurement Contracts

802.1 - Maintenance Schedule
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
The school district buildings and sites, including the grounds, buildings and equipment, will be kept clean
and in good repair. Employees should notify the building principal when something is in need of repair or
removal, including graffiti.
It is the responsibility of the superintendent or designee Chief Operating Officer to maintain the school
district buildings and sites. As part of this responsibility, a maintenance schedule is created and adhered
to in compliance with this policy.
Policy References:
Legal Reference:
Iowa Code §§ 279.8; 280.3, .14.
Cross Reference:
502.2 Care of School Property/Vandalism
502.5 Student Lockers
802.2 Requests for Improvements
804.1 Facilities Inspections

802.1G1 - Grounds for Pesticides Guideline
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (updated), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
Integrated pest management is a comprehensive process that utilizes information about plants, pests and
the environment to plan and implement management tactics in overall strategies to keep pests below
levels that cause damage. Integrated pest management specifically involves regular monitoring of plant
material and pest levels, and using pesticides only when other means of control are ineffective, or
economically unfeasible.
Proper grounds management techniques reduce stress and encourage good health in plants. These include
avoidance of problems, proper planning and cultural practices, such as watering, fertilizing, mowing, core
aeration, pruning and mulching. It is important these practices be done at proper times and intervals.
A pesticide is a substance or mixture of substances intended to prevent, destroy, repel, or mitigate pests or
used as a plant growth regulator. This includes insecticides used against insects, herbicides used against
weedy or other plants, fungicides used against fungi, and antibiotics or bactericides used against bacteria.
Pesticides may be used when:
1. Students or employees are experiencing discomfort or unsafe conditions.
2. Damage is occurring to a tree, shrub, plant, grounds or facilities.
3. After cultural and biological methods have been used and population dynamics of pests indicate that
significant increases in pest problems are inevitable and pesticide use will decrease the pest
population.
The district's grounds maintenance contractor/staff must:
1. Hold an Iowa Commercial Pesticide Applicators License.
2. Require employees applying pesticides to be certified pesticide applicators.
3. Institute a grounds management program which encourages healthy plants. This will include proper
timing and scheduling of watering, fertilizing, mowing, core aeration, pruning, mulching (to minimize
stress of plants thus reducing susceptibility to insects, disease and weeds).
4. Evaluate grounds management practices and pest control procedures on an ongoing basis. Revise
practices as needed to gain from past experiences and new techniques.
When it is necessary that pesticides be applied, the contractor/staff must:
1. Keep records regarding the application, as required by Iowa law.
2. Use the "least toxic" pest control measures when economically feasible.
3. When possible, the contractor/staff will apply pesticides when school is not in session.
4. Post notification signs in accordance with Iowa law.
5. Notify building administrators.

802.2 - Requests for Improvements
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (updated), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
Generally, except for emergency situations, requests for improvements or repairs are made to the
superintendent or designee Chief Operating Officer by building principals and the head custodian.
Requirements for requests outlined in the maintenance schedule will be followed.
Minor improvements, not exceeding a cost of $25,000 may be approved by the superintendent or
designee Chief Operating Officer. Improvements exceeding $25,000 must be approved by the Board.
Routine maintenance and repairs outlined in the maintenance schedule will be followed.
Policy References:
Legal Reference:
Iowa Code §§ 279.8; 280.3, .14.
Cross Reference:
802.1 Maintenance Schedule
802.3 Emergency Repairs

802.3 - Emergency Repairs
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (updated)
In the event of an emergency requiring repairs to a school district facility in which the costs will be in excess
of the state public bidding threshold and are necessary to correct or control the situation and to prevent the
closing of school, the provisions relating to bidding will not apply.
It is the responsibility of the superintendent or designee Chief Operating Officer to obtain certification from
the area education agency administrator stating such repairs in excess of the state limit were necessary to
prevent the closing of school.
It is the responsibility of the superintendent or designee Chief Operating Officer to notify the board as soon
as possible considering the circumstances of the emergency.
Policy References:
Legal Reference:
Iowa Code §§ 26.3, 280.3, .14; 297.8.
Cross Reference:
705.1 Purchasing – Bidding
705.1R1 Purchasing – Bidding - Suspension and Debarment of Vendors and Contractors Procedure
705.1R2 Purchasing-Bidding-Using Federal Funds in Procurement Contracts
802.2 Requests for Improvements

802.4 - Capital Assets
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 1/31/23 (updated), 5/9/23 (updated), 5/14/24 (updated), 6/10/25 (updated)
The school district will establish and maintain a capital assets management system for reporting capitalized assets owned or under the
jurisdiction of the school district in its financial reports in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) as
required or modified by law; to improve the school district's oversight of capital assets by assigning and recording them to specific
facilities and programs and to provide for proof of loss of capital assets for insurance purposes.
Capital assets, including tangible and intangible assets, are reported in the government-wide financial statements (i.e., governmental
activities and business type activities) and the proprietary fund financial statements. Capital assets reported include school district
buildings and sites, construction in progress, improvements other than buildings and sites, land and machinery and equipment.
Capital assets reported in the financial reports will include individual capital assets with an historical cost equal to or greater than the
amount established by the Chief Financial Officer, up to the maximum amount allowed by state and federal law and associated
regulations, except for intangible right to use lease assets. The Federal regulations governing school lunch programs have
independent thresholds to which the district will adhere.
All intangible assets (except for right to use lease assets) with a purchase price equal to or greater than the amount established by the
Chief Financial Officer, up to the maximum amount allowed by state and federal law and associated regulations with useful life of two
or more years, are included in the intangible asset inventory for capitalization purposes. Such assets are recorded at actual historical
cost and amortized over the designated useful lifetime applying a straight-line method of depreciation. If there are no legal,
contractual, regulatory, technological or other factors that limit the useful life of the asset, then the intangible asset needs to be
considered to have an indefinite useful life and no amortization should be recorded.
If an intangible asset that meets the threshold criteria is fully amortized, the asset must be reported at the historical cost and the
applicable accumulated amortization must also be reported. It is not appropriate to “net” the capital asset and amortization to avoid
reporting. For internally generated intangible assets, outlays incurred by the government's personnel, or by a third-party contractor
on behalf of the government, and for development of internally generated intangible assets should be capitalized.
The district recognizes the importance of classifying leases of intangible assets as assets or liabilities in financial statements. When
operating as a lessor, the district will recognize a lease liability and an intangible right-to-use lease asset. When operating as a lessee,
the district will recognize a lease receivable and a deferred inflow of resources consistent with the requirements established in GASB
87.
The district recognizes a lease liability and an intangible right-to-use lease asset with an initial value equal to or greater than the
amount established by the Chief Financial Officer, up to the maximum amount allowed by state and federal law and associated
regulations. At the commencement of a lease, the district initially measures the lease liability at the present value of payments
expected to be made during the lease term. Subsequently, the lease liability is reduced by the principal portion of lease payments
made. The lease asset is initially measured as the initial amount of the lease liability, adjusted for lease payments made at or before
the lease commencement date plus certain initial direct costs to place the asset in service. The lease asset is then amortized on a
straight-line basis over the life of the lease.

The capital assets management system must be updated monthly to account for the addition/acquisition, disposal, relocation/transfer
of capital assets. It is the responsibility of the superintendent or designee to count and reconcile the capital assets with capital assets
management system on June 30 each year.
It is the responsibility of the superintendent or designee Chief Operating Officer to develop administrative regulations implementing
this policy. It will also be the responsibility of the superintendent or designee to educate employees about this policy and its
supporting administrative regulations.
Policy References:
Legal Reference:
Iowa Code §§ 257.31(4); 279.8; 297.22-.25; 298A.
Cross Reference:
701.3 Financial Records
709 Insurance Program

802.4R1 - Capital Assets
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (updated), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
1. Capital Assets Management System
The superintendent, and/or other designated staff, shall:
1. Conduct the capital assets physical count;
2. Develop the capital assets listing;
3. Tag capital assets included in the capital assets management system with a bar code identification number;
4. Make a recommendation of a computer software program for the capital assets management system;
5. Enter the necessary data into the capital assets management system and compile the appropriate reports;
6. Maintain the integrity of the capital assets management system; and,
7. Maintain responsibility for an accurate capital assets management system.
2. Determining historical cost
1. The historical cost of a capital asset is based on the actual costs expended in making the capital assets serviceable.
2. Gifts of capital assets are valued at the estimated fair market value at the addition/acquisition date.
3. Capital assets purchased under a capital lease are valued at historical cost of their net present value of the minimum lease payments on
the addition/acquisition date.
4. The historical cost of capital assets must include capitalized interest.
3. Annual capital assets listing reconciliation
1. The superintendent, and/or other designated staff, in conjunction with the capital assets management team, will conduct an annual
capital assets physical count to develop the annual capital assets listing in a manner similar to the initial capital assets listing process. At
least every three years, someone other than the person in custody of the capital assets in the building/department/room will perform the
capital assets physical count for the building/department/room.
2. Upon completion of the annual capital assets listing, the capital assets listing is reconciled to the capital assets management system
data base.
3. Capital assets found to have been excluded from the data base are added to the capital assets management system. The capital assets
management system process should be reviewed to prevent future incidents of excluding a capital asset.
4. Capital assets unaccounted for are reported to the superintendent or designee who contacts the supervisor of and the individual in
charge/control/custody of the capital asset. The individual in charge/control/custody of the capital asset has thirty days to account for the
capital asset.
5. Capital assets unaccounted for after thirty days are reported to the superintendent or designee for appropriate action and
documentation. "Appropriate action" may include discipline, up to and including discharge, and may require the employee/person in
charge/control/custody of the capital asset to replace the asset.
6. The superintendent or designee is responsible for documenting the reasons each asset was not reconciled to the capital assets
management system.
4. Addition/acquisition of capital assets.
1. The school district's purchasing policy and administrative regulations must be followed when acquiring capital assets. The school
district's policy and administrative regulations must be followed for receiving a gift of capital assets.
2. The capital assets addition/acquisition documentation must be completed for each additional capital assets with an addition/acquisition
cost of equal to or greater than $5,000. The following information should be collected, if applicable:
1. Building name or code;
2. Room number or name;
3. Balance sheet accounting/class code;
4. Department;
5. Addition/acquisition date;
6. Check/purchase order number or gift;
7. Bar code identification number assigned to and placed on the capital asset;
8. Serial number;
9. Model number;
10. Cost-historical;
11. Fair market value on acquisition date (donated assets only);
12. Estimated useful life;
13. Vendor;
14. Purchasing fund and function;
15. Description of capital asset;
16. Department/person charged with custody,
17. Method of addition/acquisition-purchase, trade, gift etc.,
18. Quantity;
19. Replacement cost;
20. Addition/acquisition authorization; and,
21. Function for depreciation.
3. Capital assets must be entered into the capital asset management system in the same month they were acquired.
4. The actual costs of construction in progress, other than infrastructure, is entered into the capital assets management system in the year
in which costs are incurred until the total cost of addition/acquisition is entered. Upon completion of construction, the total costs
accumulated over the period of construction are reclassified to buildings.
5. Relocation/transfer of machinery and equipment capital assets.

1. Documentation for a transfer/relocation must be completed and submitted prior to removing machinery and equipment capital assets
from their current location. The following information must be collected:
1. Relocation/transfer date;
2. Quantity;
3. Bar code identification number;
4. Current location-building/department/room code;
5. Name of current location-building/department/room;
6. New location-building/department/room code;
7. Name of new location-building/department/room;
8. Date placed at new location-building/department/room;
9. Department/person charged with custody; and
10. Relocation/transfer authorization.
2. Capital assets relocated/transferred in a month must be entered into the capital assets management system in the same month.
6. Disposal of capital assets
1. A Capital Assets disposal documentation must be completed prior to disposing of real property. The following information must be
collected:
1. Disposal date;
2. Quantity;
3. Bar code tag identification number;
4. Legal description,
5. Location/Address;
6. Purchaser;
7. Disposal methods for real property trade, sale, stolen, etc.; and,
8. Disposal authorization.
2. Capital assets disposed of in a month must be entered into the capital assets management system in the same month.
3. When assets are sold or disposed of, it is necessary to calculate and report a gain or loss in the statement of activities. The gain/loss is
calculated by subtracting the net book value (historical cost less any accumulated amortization) from the net amount realized on the
sale or disposal.
7. Lost, damaged or stolen capital assets.
1. A Lost, Damaged or Stolen Capital Assets Report must be completed when a capital asset has been lost, damaged or stolen. The
following information must be collected:
1. Date of loss, damage or theft;
2. Employee/person discovering;
3. Quantity;
4. Description of capital asset;
5. Bar code tag identification number;
6. Location-building/department/room;
7. Description of loss, damage, etc.;
8. Filing of police report-yes or no;
9. Filing of insurance report-yes or no;
10. Sent for repair-yes or no;
11. Date returned from repair;
12. Date returned to location-building/department/room;
13. Department/person charged with custody; and,
14. Authorization.
2. Capital assets damaged, lost or stolen in a month must be entered into the capital assets management system in the same month.
8. Capital assets reports
1. Annual reports for June 30 each year.
1. Capital assets listing including the following items:
1. Balance sheet accounting/class code;
2. Purchasing fund, function and depreciation function;
3. Bar code tag identification number;
4. Description of the capital asset;
5. Historical cost or other;
6. Location;
7. Current year depreciation/expense; and,
8. Accumulated depreciation/amortization.
2. Capital assets listing by location/building;
3. Capital assets listing by department/employee/person charged with custody; and,
4. Capital assets listing by replacement cost.

802.4R2 - Capital Assets Management System Definition
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (updated), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (updated)
Back trending/standard costing - an estimate of the historical original cost using a known average installed cost for like units as of the
estimated addition/ acquisition date. This cost is only applied to the capital assets initially counted upon implementation of the capital assets
management system when the historical original cost cannot be determined. It is inappropriate to apply the back trending/standard costing
method to any capital assets acquired after the assets management system implementation date.
Balance sheet accounting/class codes - the codes set out for assets in the Iowa Department of Education Uniform Accounting Manual.
Book value - the value of capital assets on the records of the school district, which can be the cost or, the cost less the appropriate allowances,
such as depreciation.
Buildings and building improvements – a capital assets account reflecting the addition/acquisition cost of permanent structures owned or held
by a government and the improvements thereon.
Business-type activities - one of two classes of activities reported in governmentwide financial statements. Business-type activities are financed
in the whole or in part by fees charged to external parties for goods or services. These activities are usually reported in enterprise funds.
Capital expenditures/expenses - expenditures/expenses resulting in the addition/acquisition of or addition/acquisition to the school district's
capital assets.
Capital assets - Capital assets with a value of equal to or greater than the amount established by the Chief Financial Officer, up to the maximum
amount allowed by state and federal law and associated regulations based on the historical cost include: long-lived assets obtained or controlled
as a result of past transactions, events or circumstances. Capital assets include buildings, construction in progress, improvements other than
facilities, land, machinery and equipment, and intangible assets.
Capitalization policy - the criteria used by the school district to determine which capital assets will be reported as capital assets on the school
district’s financial statements and records.
Capitalization threshold - The dollar value at which a government elects to capitalize tangible or intangible assets that are used in operations
and that have initial useful lives extending beyond a single reporting period.
Capitalized interest - interest accrued and reported as part of the cost of the capital assets during the construction phase of a capital project.
The construction phase extends from the initiation of pre-construction activities until the time the asset is placed in service.
Construction in progress - buildings in the process of being constructed other than infrastructure.
Cost - the amount of money or other consideration exchanged for goods or services.
Depreciation/Amortization - expiration in the service life of capital assets, other than wasting assets, attributable to wear and tear, deterioration,
action of the physical elements, inadequacy and obsolescence. In accounting for depreciation/amortization, the cost of a capital asset, less any
salvage value, is prorated over the estimated service life of such an asset, and each period is charged with a portion of such cost.
Fixtures - attachments to buildings that are not intended to be removed and cannot be removed without damage to the buildings. Those
fixtures with a useful life presumed to be as long as that of the building itself are considered a part of the building. Other fixtures are classified as
machinery and equipment.
General capital assets - capital assets that are not capital assets of any fund, but of the governmental unit as a whole. Most often these capital
assets arise from the expenditure of the financial resources of governmental funds.
Governmental Long-term Assets Summary Accounts - a self-balancing group of accounts established to account for capital assets of the
school district, not accounted for through specific proprietary funds.
Government activities - activities generally financed through taxes, intergovernmental revenues, and other non-exchange revenues. These
activities are usually reported in governmental funds and internal service funds.

Government-wide financial statements - Financial statements that incorporate all of a government's governmental and business-type
activities, as well as its nonfiduciary component units. There are two basic government-wide financial statements the statement of net assets
and the statement of activities. Both basic government-wide financial statements are presented using the economic resources measurement
focus and the accrual basis of accounting.
Historical (acquisition) cost - the actual costs expended to place a capital asset into service. For land and buildings, costs such as legal fees,
recording fees, surveying fees, architect fees and similar fees are included in the historical cost. For machinery and equipment, costs such as
freight and installation fees and similar fees are included in the historical cost.
Improvements - In addition made to, or change made in, a capital asset, other than maintenance, to prolong its life or to increase the efficiency
or capacity. The cost of the addition or change is added to the book value of the asset.
Improvements other than buildings - attachments or annexation to land that are intended to remain so attached or annexed, such as
sidewalks, trees, drives, tunnels, drains and sewers. Sidewalks, curbing, sewers and highways are sometimes referred to as "betterments," but the
term "improvements" is preferred.
Infrastructure - long-lived capital assets that normally are stationary in nature and normally can be preserved for a significantly greater number
of years than most capital assets. Examples of infrastructure assets include roads, bridges, tunnels, drainage systems, water and sewer systems,
dams, and lighting systems.
Investments in general capital assets - an account in the Governmental Long-term Assets Summary Account representing the school district's
investment in general capital assets. The balance in this account generally is subdivided according to the source of the monies that finance the
capital assets addition/acquisition, such as general fund revenues and special assessments.
Land and buildings – real property owned by the school district.
Machinery and equipment - capital assets which maintain their identity when removed from their location and are not changed materially or
consumed immediately (e.g., within one year) by use. Machinery and equipment are often divided into specific categories such as: transportation
machinery and equipment which includes school buses and school district owned automobiles, trucks and vans; other motor machinery and
equipment which includes lawn maintenance machinery and equipment, tractors, motorized carts, maintenance machinery and equipment,
etc.; other machinery and equipment which includes furniture and machinery and equipment contained in the buildings whose original cost is
equal to or greater than $2,500, and capital assets under capital leases and capital assets being acquired under a lease/purchase agreement.
Proprietary funds - Funds that focus on the determination of operating income, changes in net assets (or cost recovery), financial position, and
cash flows. There are two different types of proprietary funds: enterprise funds and internal service funds.
Replacement cost - the amount of cash or other consideration required today to obtain the same capital assets or its equivalent.
Right to use leased equipment (lease asset) – the amount of cash or other consideration incurred at lease commencement date, lease
payments during lease period and certain direct costs as defined by GASB 47 representing the lessee’s right to use of leased asset. Amortized
over the lease period for the underlying asset.
Subscription Based Information Technology Arrangements (SBITA) – contract that conveys control of the right to use another party’s IT
software alone or in combination with tangible capital assets for a contracted period of time (GASB 96). These assets are amortized over the
contract period.

802.5 - Buildings & Sites Adaptation for Persons with Disabilities
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
The board recognizes the need for access to its buildings and sites by persons with disabilities. School district buildings and sites
currently in use will be altered to be accessible to persons with disabilities unless the alteration would cause an undue hardship for
the school district. Renovated and new buildings and sites will be accessible to persons with disabilities.
It is the responsibility of the superintendent or designee Chief Operating Officer, upon board approval, to take the necessary action
to ensure school district buildings and sites are accessible to persons with disabilities.
Policy References:
Legal Reference:
29 U.S.C. §§ 621-634.
42 U.S.C. §§ 12101 et seq.
Iowa Code chs. 104A; 216.
Cross Reference:
102 Equal Educational Opportunity
102.R1 Discrimination Complaint Process
102.E1 Annual Notice of Nondiscrimination
102.E2 Continuous Notice of Nondiscrimination
102.E3 Notice of Section 504 Student and Parental Rights
102.E4 Discrimination Complaint Form
102.E5 Witness Disclosure Form
102.E6 Disposition of Complaint Form
603.3 Special Education

802.6 - Vandalism
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
The board believes everyone should treat school district buildings and sites and property with respect for
the benefit of the education program. Users of school district property will treat it with care. Employees
discovering vandalism should report it to the building principal as soon as possible.
Persons suspected, found or proven to have destroyed or otherwise harmed school district property may
be subject to discipline by the school district, if the person is under the jurisdiction of the school district,
and may be reported to local law enforcement officials. Persons who are not under the jurisdiction of the
school district and who are suspected, found or proven to have destroyed or otherwise harmed school
district property will be reported to the local law enforcement authorities.
Policy References:
Legal Reference:
Iowa Code § 279.8.
Cross Reference:
903.4 Public Conduct on School Premises

802.7 - Energy Conservation
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
In concert with the board's goal to utilize public funds in an effective and efficient manner, employees and
students will practice energy conservation methods when utilizing the school district's buildings and sites.
These methods include, but are not limited to, turning off lights and equipment when not in use, reducing
the temperature of the facility, particularly when it is not in use, and keeping windows and doors properly
closed or open, depending upon the weather.
It is the responsibility of the superintendent or designee Chief Operating Officer to develop a climate
action plan for employees and students. Employees and students will abide by these guidelines.
Policy References:
Legal Reference:
Iowa Code §§ 279.44; 473.19-.20
Cross Reference:
700 Purpose of Noninstructional and Business Services

803.1 - Disposition of Obsolete Equipment
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 08/24/21(updated), 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (updated), 6/10/25, (updated)
School property, such as equipment, furnishings, or supplies (hereinafter referred to as equipment), will be
disposed of when it is determined to be of no further use to the school district. It is the objective of the
school district in disposing of the equipment to achieve the best available price or most economical disposal
while considering information security and environmental sustainability.
Obsolete equipment having a value less than the threshold established by the Chief Financial Officer, in
accordance with the maximum limits permitted under state and federal law and related regulations, will be
sold or disposed of in a manner determined by the superintendent or designee.
A public hearing will be held regarding the disposal of the equipment with a value of $5,000 or more prior to
the board's final decision. The board will adopt a resolution announcing the proposed sale and will publish
notice of the time and place of the public hearing and the description of the property will be in the
resolution. Notice of the public hearing will be published at least once, but not less than 10 days and not
more than 20 days, prior to the hearing date. Upon completion of the public hearing, the board may dispose
of the equipment.
It is the responsibility of the superintendent or designee Chief Operating Officer to make a
recommendation to the board regarding the method for disposing of equipment that is of no further use to
the school district.
Policy References:
Legal Reference:
Iowa Code §§ 297.22-.25.
Cross Reference:
705.1 Purchasing – Bidding
705.1R1 Purchasing – Bidding - Suspension and Debarment of Vendors and Contractors Procedure
705.1R2 Purchasing – Bidding - Using Federal Funds in Procurement Contracts

803.1G1 - Disposition of School District Equipment
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (updated), 5/9/23 (updated), 5/14/24 (updated), 6/10/25 (updated)
This guideline describes the process that District employees must follow at every building location when District owned property such as
equipment, furnishings, or supplies (hereinafter referred to as equipment) reaches the end of its useful life and the desire is to retire this
equipment from active service. It is the objective of the school district in disposing of the equipment to achieve the best available price or most
economical disposal.
Obsolete equipment having a value less than the threshold established by the Chief Financial Officer, in accordance with the maximum
limits permitted under state and federal law and related regulations,will be disposed of using any of the following approved methods:
1. Sell using a publicly advertised auction, including online bidding services (ex.Govdeals).
2. Sell using a garage/yard type sale.
3. Sell using a consignment service.
4. Sell using a sealed bid process.
5. Donation to developing country or other entity in need.
6. Any other procedure approved by the board.
A public hearing will be held regarding the disposal of equipment with a value of more than $5,000 prior to the board's final decision regarding
such disposition, along with other statutory procedures as applicable.
All District employees who use or are entrusted with the care of District owned equipment must be aware of these procedures.
Procedures
1. The school building’s lead custodian will be notified when a staff member determines equipment is no longer wanted in their workspace.
2. If the equipment is broken and the item is deemed to have no value or cannot be economically repaired, the building custodian will follow
these steps:
1. Check to see if the broken item has a district inventory tag. If so, record this inventory tag and any associated documentation must be
completed and sent to the district asset associate.
2. Remove the district tag.
3. Recycle or throw the item away in the garbage.
3. If the equipment is still in working order or a broken item is deemed to have value, the custodian should submit a work order for Facilities
Management to pick up the item.
Facilities Management Procedures
The superintendent or designee Chief Operating Officer will make provisions to warehouse District owned equipment that is not currently
needed at other district facilities. The Director will monitor this inventory, and when it is determined the equipment is no longer needed by
the District, the following steps will be followed:
For equipment with a value less than the threshold established by the Chief Financial Officer, in accordance with the maximum
limits permitted under state and federal law and related regulations:
1.A representative list of equipment, to be disposed of will be provided to the superintendent or designee Chief Operating Officer for
approval.
2.The superintendent or designee Chief Operating Officer will determine the best disposal method (from those approved above) for the
items listed.
3.District inventory tags will be removed from each item prior to relinquishing ownership of the item. These inventory tags will be turned into
the district asset associated so these items can be retired from the capital asset management system.
4.Proper documentation will be completed and submitted to the district asset associate following disposal of the equipment.
5.Any remaining items after the disposal should be recycled for scrap metal, paper, etc. All other items will be thrown away as trash
When the equipment has a value of greater than $5,000, the following steps will be taken:
1. The board will adopt a resolution announcing the proposed disposition and will publish notice of the time and place of the public hearing
thereon. The description of the property will be in the resolution and the notice.
2. Notice of the public hearing will be published at least once, but not less than 10 days and not more than 20 days, prior to the hearing date in
a newspaper of general circulation in the District.
3. Upon completion of the public hearing, the board may make a final decision on the proposed disposition and dispose of the equipment.
Used textbook process
1. Contact the district curriculum Director if your textbooks have reached the end of their useful life.

The district will do one of the following:
1. The District will try to sell them on the used textbook market
2. Recycle (rather than put them in the city landfill)
3. Donate textbooks to a developing country or other entity in need
District owned property that receives an inventory tag are items such as equipment, furnishings, or supplies that have a purchase price value
equal to or greater than the amount established by the Chief Financial Officer, up the maximum amount allowed by state and federal law and
associated regulations.

803.2 - Lease, Sale or Disposal of School District Buildings & Sites
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 8/13/24 (updated), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
Decisions regarding the lease, sale, or disposal of school district real property are made by the board. In making its
decision the board will consider the needs of the education program and the efficient use of public funds.
Before the board can authorized the disposition real property by sale, gift or lease for a period of more than one year, a
public hearing will be held. The board will adopt a resolution announcing the proposed sale which will contain notice of
the time and place of the public hearing and the description of the property or locally known address. Notice of the time
and place of the public hearing will be published at least once, but not less than 10 days and not more than 20 days, prior
to the hearing date. Upon completion of the public hearing, the board may authorize disposition of the property in
accordance with the proposal reviewed during the public hearing.
The board may market and authorize the sale of any student constructed buildings by any procedure recommended by
the superintendent and authorized by the board, and the public hearing requirement contained in this policy will not
apply to the sale of student constructed buildings. The public hearing requirement in this policy will also not apply to the
lease of school district real property for a period of one year or less or to the lease of a portion of an existing school
building for any term.
If the real property contains less than two acres, is located outside of a city, is not adjacent to a city and was previously
used as a schoolhouse site, the property may revert to the owner of the tract from whom the property was taken
following the procedures set forth in Iowa Code §§
297.15-.25.
The board will not enter into an agreement to prohibit the sale of real property to other educational institutions as
defined in Iowa Code 297.24. If the board offers to sell real property that includes a building or structure, and an
educational institution offers to purchase the real property for a purchase price that represents the highest bid the
board received, the board will sell the real property to the other educational institution for such purchase price.
In the case of the razing of a school district facility, in an amount in excess of the statutory minimum required by law, the
board will advertise and take bids or quotes as may be required and defined by Iowa Code 26 for the purpose of
awarding the contract for the project.
The superintendent or designee is responsible for coordinating the action necessary for the board to accomplish the
lease, sale, or disposal of school district real property. It will also be the responsibility of the superintendent or designee
Chief Operating Officer to make a recommendation to the board regarding the use of school district real property not
being utilized for the education program.
Policy References:
Legal Reference:
Iowa Code §§ 26;297.15-.25.
Cross Reference:
705.1 Purchasing – Bidding
705.1R1 Purchasing – Bidding - Suspension and Debarment of Vendors and Contractors Procedure
705.1R2 Purchasing – Bidding - Using Federal Funds in Procurement Contracts

804.1 - Facilities Inspections
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
A program for annual inspection, in addition to those conducted by authorized agencies, of the equipment,
facilities, and grounds will be conducted as part of the maintenance schedule for school district buildings
and sites. The results of this inspection will be reported to the board at its annual meeting. Further, the
board may conduct its own inspection of the school district buildings and sites annually.
Policy References:
Legal Reference:
Iowa Code § 279.8.
Cross Reference:
802.1 Maintenance Schedule

804.2 - District Emergency Operations Plans
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (updated), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (updated)
The safety and security of the school community is paramount to Iowa City Community School District.
While there is no absolute guarantee of safety, it is the goal of the district to encourage and support a
physically secure learning and working environment within its buildings. The district shall work in
conjunction with community stakeholders including local emergency management coordinators and local
law enforcement agencies to create emergency operations plans for all district buildings and school
buildings where students are educated.
The superintendent or designee Chief Operating Officer shall be responsible for the development, review and
implementation of the district emergency operations plan. The plan shall include procedures for transmitting
alerts regarding emergency situations to school personnel, students, and employers for non-school
employees whose presence is regularly required in the school building. The emergency operations plan shall
be updated and reviewed annually by school district officials and emergency personnel and shall address
responses to natural disasters, active shooter scenarios and other emergencies as determined by the district.
The emergency operations plans are confidential and shall not be subject to disclosure under Iowa Code
Chapter 22. However, the district shall publish procedures for students, school personnel, parents, and family
members to report possible safety threats on school grounds and at school activities.
The administration shall hold emergency operations drills at each district building covered by an emergency
operations plan in accordance with law. The district shall determine which school personnel shall participate
and whether local law enforcement and students participate in annual drills.
Policy References:
Legal Reference:
Iowa Code 280.30
Cross Reference:
711.7 School Bus Safety Instruction
800 Objectives of Building and Sites

804.4 - Asbestos Containing Material
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
Friable and nonfriable asbestos containing materials will be maintained in good condition and
appropriate precautions will be followed when the material is disturbed. If there is a need to replace
asbestos, it will be replaced with nonasbestos-containing materials. Each school building will maintain a
copy of the asbestos management plan.
The school district will annually notify, appoint and train appropriate employees as necessary.
Policy References:
Legal Reference:
20 U.S.C. §§ 3601 et seq.
40 C.F.R. Pt. 763.84.
Iowa Code §§ 279.52-.54.
Cross Reference:
403.4 Hazardous Chemical Disclosure

804.5 - Stock Prescription Medication Supply /Naloxone Policy
Adoption Date: 10/25/2022
History: 5/9/23 (updated), 8/22/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
The Iowa City Community School District seeks to provide a safe environment for students, staff, and visitors
who are at risk of potentially life-threatening opioid overdose. Therefore, it is the policy of the district to
annually obtain a prescription for an opioid antagonist from a licensed healthcare professional, in the name
of the school district, for administration by a school nurse or personnel trained and authorized to administer
to a student or individual who may be experiencing an acute opioid overdose.
Opioid overdose occurs when the amount of opioids in the body is so great the individual becomes
unresponsive to stimuli and breathing becomes inadequate. Lack of oxygen affects vital organs, including
the heart and brain, leading to unconsciousness, coma, and eventually death. Naloxone is indicated for the
reversal of opioid overdose in the presence of respiratory depression or unresponsiveness.
The Iowa City Community School District shall provide and maintain an opioid antagonist on-site in each
school facility. Each school will have 2 doses of Naloxone in stock in their building.
To treat a case of suspected opioid overdose in a school setting, any trained staff member may administer
an opioid antagonist during an emergency to any individual suspected of having an opioid-related drug
overdose, whether or not there is a previous history of opioid abuse.
As provided by law, the district, board, authorized personnel or school nurse, and the prescriber shall not be
liable for any injury arising from the provision, administration, failure to administer, or assistance in the
administration of an opioid antagonist provided they acted reasonably and in good faith.
Any employee that is expected to provide emergency care to an individual will successfully complete the
training by the Senior Health Services Manager or school nurse.
The Superintendent, Senior Health Services Manager, or designee will be responsible for the procurement of
Naloxone.
Policy References:
Legal Reference:
Iowa Code §§ 135.185; 190; 279.8.
281 I.A.C. 14.3.
655 I.A.C 6.2(2)
Cross Reference:
507.2 Administration of Medication to Students
507.2E1 Authorization - Asthma, Airway Constricting or Respiratory Distress Medication Self-Administration Consent Form
507.2E2 Parental Authorization and Release Form for the Administration of Medication or Special Health Services to Students
507.2E3 Parental Authorization and Release Form for Independent Self Carry and Administration of Prescribed Medication or
Independent Delivery of Health Services by the Student
507.2E4 Parental Authorization and Release Form for the Administration of Voluntary School Stck of Over-the Counter Medication
to Students

804.5R1 - Intranasal Naloxone Protocol
Adoption Date: 10/25/2022
History: 5/9/23 (updated), 5/14/24 (updated), 6/10/25 (updated)
The purpose of this policy is to establish written guidelines and procedures governing the utilization of Naloxone in school.
Storage/Location:
Store at 59 degrees to 86 degrees F, away from direct sunlight.
The location/placement of the Naloxone is to be determined by each school within the school's health office.
The Naloxone should be placed in the most accessible location clearly marked as containing the medication.
Training Requirements:
Any employee that is expected to provide emergency care to an individual will successfully complete the training by the
Senior Health Services Manager or School Nurse on Naloxone administration.
Signs and Symptoms of an Opioid Overdose:
1. Unresponsiveness to loud noise (yelling) or stimulation such as sternal rub (rubbing your knuckles on breastbone)
2. Slow, shallow, or no breathing
3. Choking sounds, loud/uneven snoring, or gurgling noises
4. Slow or erratic pulse (heartbeat)
5. Turning pale, blue, or gray (especially lips and fingernails), clammy skin
6. Constricted (pinpoint) pupils
7. Reasonable suspicion of ingesting opioid(s)
Procedure:
1. Attempt to rouse and stimulate the person.
a. Perform sternal rub by making a fist; rub knuckles firmly up and down the breastbone.
2. Activate EMS / Call 911
a. Get the AED
b. The Nurse or designee will call 911 to activate emergency medical service response.
3. If a person stops breathing, begin CPR.
4. Administer intranasal Naloxone if suspected Opioid Overdose. Naloxone comes in two different brand names Narcan and
Kloxxado.
a. Administration Instructions
i. Lay the person on their back to receive a dose of Naloxone Nasal Spray.
ii. Remove Naloxone Nasal Spray from the box. Peel back the tab with the circle to open the Narcan Nasal Spray.
iii. Hold the Naloxone Nasal Spray with your thumb on the bottom of the red plunger and your first and middle fingers
on either side of the nozzle.
iv. Tilt the person’s head back and provide support under the neck with your hand. Gently insert the tip of the nozzle
into one nostril until your fingers on either side of the nozzle are against the bottom of the person’s nose.
v. Press the red plunger firmly to give the dose of Naloxone Nasal Spray.
vi. Remove the Naloxone Nasal Spray from the nostril after giving the dose.
vii. Move the individual to their side (recovery position) after giving the medicine and get emergency medical help right
away.
viii. Watch the individual closely. You may also give additional doses to the individual every 2 to 3 minutes using the
opposite nostrils until the individual responds or emergency medical assistance becomes available.

5. Stay with the individual and wait for EMS / 911 personnel to arrive.
a. Time individual was found and their condition.
b. Time Naloxone was administered.
c. Inform EMS personnel about the treatment and condition of the person.
Naloxone Stock:
1. Each school will have 2 doses of Naloxone in stock in their building.
2. Checks will be done quarterly by School Nurse or designee.
3. The Health Services Department will maintain an inventory documenting the quantities and expirations of Naloxone replacement
supplies and keep copies of the Naloxone.
Reporting:
Any Naloxone administration shall be reported to the Iowa Department of Health and Human Services within 30 days of the
administration. Reported administration should be sent to the State Opioid Response (SOR 2) helpdesk as an email and only include
the date of administration and the outcome (was the individual able to be revived), via email to: sor@idph.iowa.gov Inform Senior
Health Services Manager.
Replacement:
Used or expired Naloxone and CPR/first aid equipment will be reported to Senior Health Services Manager for replacement by the
school nurse.
Resources:
Awareness video on signs/symptoms and how to administer Naloxone – Iowa Department of Health and Human Services
website: https://hhs.iowa.gov/programs/programs-and-services/substance-use-disorder/medications-addiction-
treatment
Resources for community members and families: https://www.naloxoneiowa.org/

804.6 - Use of Recording Devices on School Property
Adoption Date: 08/24/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (updated)
District-Generated Recordings
The district believes in the importance of providing a safe and enriching learning environment possible for its students. The district
uses digital recording devices on school property including school transportation vehicles to help protect the safety of district
students, employees, and community members; and to safeguard district property which is funded using public resources.
Additionally, district-generated recordings of students engaging in the district’s educational and extracurricular programs can be
essential to engage positively with the school community and promote the value of public education.
In order to balance privacy and safety interests, no recording devices will be utilized on district property where individuals maintain a
reasonable expectation of privacy. These areas include but are not limited to the school nurse’s office, restrooms, locker rooms,
changing areas, and lactation spaces.
Recordings of students have the potential to be considered education records. Any recordings will be maintained and accessed in
compliance with the requirements of the Family Education Rights and Privacy Act and the district’s policy on student records.
Employees should not record students or staff without their knowledge. Doing so will subject employees to disciplinary measures
consistent with board policy and applicable employee handbooks.
Recordings will be digitally maintained and stored for an appropriate amount of time to maintain the safety of the educational
environment and to safeguard district property, after which they will be destroyed. The superintendent or superintendent’s designee
will establish any necessary regulations related to the secure storage, maintenance, viewing and destruction of digital recordings.
Non-District Generated Recordings
The use of non-district owned recording devices on school property and at school events will be regulated at the discretion of the
district. Students, parents and community members will not be permitted to take recordings of other students, employees, or
community members when the recording is related to education or co-curricular matters unless the recording is authorized in
advance by building administration. Students and employees found to violate this policy will be subject to disciplinary measures
consistent with board policy and applicable student and employee handbooks. This policy will not be construed or enforced in a way
that infringes on employee activity otherwise protected by law.
It is important to foster a community spirit and sense of unity within the district. However, the district acknowledges that not every
student or staff member feels comfortable or safe being recorded. At district-sponsored extracurricular events and activities, the use
of non-district owned recording devices by the public may be monitored by administration if a concern is made known to district
administration by a student, employee or parent. Any individuals determined to be making recordings considered bothersome to
students or staff may be asked to stop or destroy their recording and may be asked to leave the event.
Policy References:
Legal Reference:
20 USC 1232
Iowa Code §§
279.8

Cross Reference:
506.1 Education Records Access
506.1R1 Education Records Access - Regulation
506.1E1 Request of Nonparent for Examination or Copies of Education Records
506.1E2 Authorization for Release of Education Records
506.1E3 Request for Hearing on Correction of Education Records
506.1E4 Request for Examination of Education Records
506.1E5 Notification of Transfer of Education Records
506.1E6 Letter to Parent Regarding Receipt of a Subpoena
506.1E7 Juvenile Justice Agency Information Sharing Agreement
506.1E8 Annual Notice
711.2 Student Conduct On School Transportation
711.2R1 Student Conduct On School Transportation - Regulation

804.6R1 - Use of District Owned Recording Devices on District Property
Regulation
Adoption Date: 08/24/2021
History: 05/24/22 (reviewed), 5/9/23 (updated), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
The board supports the use of recording devices on district property as a means to monitor and maintain a safe environment for
students and employees. District property includes district-owned land, buildings, vehicles, buses and any other property as needed.
The contents of the recordings may be used as evidence in a student or employee disciplinary proceeding.
Student Records
The content of the recordings may be a student record subject to federal and state law, board policy and administrative regulations
regarding confidential student records. Generally, surveillance video that does not capture any specific incident is not a student
record or personnel record and may be disclosed as a public record upon request. Only those persons with a legal basis or legitimate
educational purpose may view the recordings. In most instances, individuals with a legitimate educational purpose may be the
superintendent, building principal, classroom teacher, transportation director, bus driver, HR director and special education staffing
team. A parent may inspect, review or be informed of the content of the recording without consent from any student or parent of a
minor student also shown in the recording, whether the student is a bystander to an incident or directly involved. The district will not
tolerate any discrimination or retaliation toward any student, employee, parent or other members of the school community by
individuals that view a recording. The district may but is not obligated by law to provide a copy of a recording to a parent or student
upon request. A request for such video will be subject to the district’s public records request and any fees associated with the
process.
A recording during a school-sponsored trip, such as an athletic event, may also be accessible to the sponsor or coach of the activity. If
the content of the recording becomes the subject of a student disciplinary proceeding, it will be treated like other evidence in the
proceeding.
Notice
The school district will annually provide the following notice to students, employees, and parents:
The Iowa City Community School District Board of Directors has authorized the use of recording devices on school district owned
property. The recording devices will be used to enhance safety and security within the educational environment. Students,
employees, and parents are hereby notified that the content of the recording may be used in a student or employee disciplinary
proceeding. The content of the recordings may be considered confidential student records and will be retained with other student
records. Recordings will only be retained if necessary for use in a student or employee disciplinary proceeding or other matter as
determined necessary by the administration.
Parents may request to view the recording of their child.
The following notice will also be placed on all school buses equipped with recording devices:
This building/bus is equipped with a recording /audio monitoring system.
Review of Recording Devices
The school district will review the recordings when necessary, as a result of incident reported by a bus driver, student or building
administrator.

If not public records, the viewing of the recordings is limited to the individuals having a legitimate educational purpose. A written log,
as appropriate, may be kept of those individuals viewing the recordings stating the time, name of individual viewing and the date the
recordings was viewed.
Student Conduct
Students are prohibited from tampering with the recording devices on the school property. Students found in violation of this
regulation will be disciplined in accordance with the school district discipline policy and Good Conduct Rule and will reimburse the
school district for any repairs or replacement necessary as a result of the tampering.
Employee Conduct
District-generated recordings may be used as evidence in employee disciplinary matters, as appropriate. Employees are prohibited
from tampering with recording devices on school property. Employees found to be in violation of this regulation will be subject to
disciplinary action as outlined in the employee handbook and relevant board policies.

804.7 - Radon Mitigation
Adoption Date: 10/11/2022
History: 5/9/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (reviewed), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
The district recognizes the importance of providing healthy learning environments for students, employees
and community members in district buildings. The district will take appropriate measures as required by
law to assess radon levels in attendance centers and provide for mitigation or other measures where
appropriate.
It is the responsibility of the superintendent or Chief Operating Officer to create administrative regulations
necessary to carry out this
policy.
Policy References:
Legal Reference:
Iowa Code §§ 280.32

804.7R1 - Radon Mitigation
Adoption Date: 10/11/2022
History: 5/9/23 (reviewed), 5/14/24 (updated), 6/10/25 (reviewed)
The district will create and the board will approve a plan to assess levels of radon gas present in district
attendance centers. Funding for any costs related to radon testing or mitigation will be paid from the state
school foundation aid received to the district or from revenues received from the Secure an Advanced
Vision for Education fund.
Each district attendance center will undergo a short-term test for the presence of radon gas at least once
by July 1, 2027. Short-term test means a test using a device that remains in an area for two to seven days to
determine the amount of radon in the air. Repeated short-term testing will occur every five years following
the data of the first test.
Radon testing will be performed by an individual certified to conduct such testing pursuant to Iowa Code
section 136B.1 or by district employees who have completed a school radon testing training program
approved by the Iowa Department of Education and the Iowa Department of Public Health.
If the results of any short-term test at an attendance center are at or above four picocuries per liter, the
district will conduct a second short-term test in spaces with elevated levels within sixty days of the first
test. If the averaged test results of the first and second tests are at or above four picocuries per liter, the
district will retain an individual credentialed to develop a radon mitigation plan.
The plan may include further diagnostic testing, corrective measures, and active mitigation. The mitigation
plan will be completed within two years of first short-term test unless the district plans to abandon or
renovate the attendance center within five years and renovation includes radon mitigation.
All new school construction will include radon resistant construction techniques.