303.2 - Administrator Qualifications, Recruitment, Appointment
Adoption Date: 06/22/2021
History: 2/8/22 (updated), 12/13/22 (reviewed), 11/14/23 (reviewed), 11/12/24
(reviewed), 7/1/25 (updated), 7/22/25 (updated), 11/11/25 (reviewed)
The Board will employ building principals and other administrators, in
addition to the superintendent, to assist in the daily operations of the school
district. The Board employs all administrators, but evaluates and supervises
only the superintendent.
While the superintendent is responsible for recommending personnel to the
School Board for approval, and for directing personnel day-to-day, School
Board members may participate in the interview process for certain
administrative positions, which include central office administrators and
building lead principals.
The Superintendent or designee will consider applicants who meet or exceed
the standards set by the Iowa Department of Education and the
qualifications established in the job description for the position. In employing
an administrator, the board will consider the qualifications, credentials and
records of the applicants without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex,
national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability. In
keeping with the law, however, the Superintendent or designee will consider
the veteran status of the applicants. The Superintendent or designee will look
closely at the training, experience, skill and demonstrated competence of
qualified applicants in making its final decision.
In choosing an administrator, the Superintendent designee Chief Human
Resources Officer will also consider the school district's educational
philosophy, financial condition, organizational structure, education programs,
and other factors deemed relevant by the board.
It is the responsibility of the superintendent or designee to make a
recommendation to the board for filling an administrative position, based on

the requirements stated in this policy. The board will act only on the
superintendent’s or designee recommendation.
PROCEDURE:
● The Superintendent or Chief Human Resources Officer will inform the
School Board of vacancies for the positions designated in this policy
● Up to __ School Board members may participate in the interview
committee(s). School Board members to be selected using the
participation schedule in Board Policy 200.3R1
● The Chief Human Resources Officer is responsible for the hiring protocol
and procedures including the following required elements, but not
limited to:
○ Posting of the vacancy and job description
○ The screening of applicants to be interview
○ Standard interview process
○ Reference, licensure and background check(s) for recommended
candidate
● Only applicants who meet or exceed the standards set by the Iowa
Department of Education and the qualifications established in the job
description for the position will be considered.
○ Qualifications, credentials and records of the applicants will be
considered without regard to race, color, creed, religion, sex,
national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, or
disability.
○ In keeping with the law, the veteran status of the applicants will
also be considered.
○ The school district's educational philosophy, financial condition,
organizational structure, education programs, and other factors
deemed relevant by the board will also be considered
● The process will look closely at the training, experience, skill and
demonstrated competence of qualified applicants in making a final
recommendation.

● As part of the recommendation of a preferred candidate to the School
Board, the superintendent or Chief Human Resources Officer shall
provide the Board
○ The resume of the recommended candidate
○ The number of applicants and number of candidates interviewed
○ A summary of the interview process, without candidate names or
identifiable information, except for the recommended candidate,
as permitted by law
● Board Members will have at least 48 hours to provide questions about the
candidate to the Superintendent or Chief Human Resources Officer
before the recommended candidate is placed on a Board Agenda for
consideration.
○ The name of the recommended candidate shall remain
confidential, to the extent allowed by law, until placed on a Board
Agenda for consideration at a regularly scheduled Board Meeting
Policy References:
Legal Reference:
Iowa Code §§ 279.8, .21.
281 I.A.C. 12.4.