Bank Reconciliations 2023 2024 2025 2026
General Complete Complete Substantially Complete Pending
schoolhouse Complete Complete Pending Pending
Activity Complete Complete In Process Pending
Insurance Complete Complete Complete pending
Food Service Complete Complete Pending Pending
Payroll Complete Complete Pending Pending
*Custody of funds / allocations needs confirmation
Investment
General Complete Complete Pending Pending
PPEL Complete Complete Pending Pending
Save Complete Complete Pending Pending
Activity Complete Complete Pending Pending
Insurance Complete Complete Pending Pending
Food Service Complete Complete Pending Pending
Audit
Interim Fieldwork Complete Complete Pending Pending
Final Fieldwork Complete Pending Final Report Pending Pending
Single Audit Complete Pending Final Report Pending Pending
Tax Filings Complete Current n/a n/a
*Complete indicates through June 30th, the year then ended.
Certified Budget Complete In Process (Curt Pratt) n/a n/a
Audit fieldwork was competed on time, 4-17-26. At this stage the report is with the audit firm going through the compilation and review process. While
we expect minor follow up items and questions, there have been none at this time.
The finance team met on 4-20 to review the audit process. The takeaways from this meeting were largely to focus on ways to imrove audit
communication. We are still awaiting the audit leadsheets. Once those are avaiable we will organize the 2025 audit portfolio, and identify
improvements in the workpapers necessary for the audit process.
Finance will reconvene on 4-27 to develop our roadmap for the 2025 audit.
The finance team continues to work on receivables tracking and tying the special ed invoices to their subsequent receipt on our aging report.
General Fund cash accounts have been reconciled through June 2025 pending posting final journal entries. Activity Fund is now in process.
We are continuting staff training on monitoring and posting daily cash activity, in conjunction with the preparation of prior year bank reconciliations.