Educational Services Center
2255 N Dubuque Rd • Iowa City, IA 52245
(319) 688-1000 • www.iowacityschools.org
Board Financial Leadership Update1
Board Policy 701.5 states
“The Board recognizes its fiduciary responsibility to oversee the management of school district funds in
keeping with the school district vision, mission and goals. To achieve this purpose, the board may engage in
learning about the financial needs, operations and requirements of the district as appropriate for the board’s
understanding of the district’s financial position. The Board also commits to engaging in annual financial goal
setting for the district based upon measurable data and projections for the district.”
The Board is committed to its fiduciary responsibility as well as providing effective leadership regarding the
District’s current financial situation. Beginning with learning of the financial situation in January 2026, the
Board has taken the following actions:
● The Board established a direct line of communication to District legal counsel, Ahlers and Cooney
regarding all non-personnel matters related to the District’s current financial situation. (February 17,
2026)
● The Board established a direct line of communication with Bohnsack and Frommet, the audit firm
responsible for completing the audits for FY24, FY25, and FY26. Bohnsack and Frommet anticipate
completing these audits no later than May of 2027. (February 19, 2026)
● The Board in tandem with the Superintendent notified the State Auditor of the current financial situation.
(February 19, 2026)
● The Board passed the following resolution: “The district seeks the assistance of the State Auditor to
perform additional procedures regarding the District financial statements. Pursuant to Iowa Code
11.6(4)(2), the board requests the state Auditor conduct a reaudit of the district’s financial activity.
Upon the conclusion of the FY24 and FY25 financial statement audits by Bohnsack& Frommelt,
LLP., the district shall consult with the state Auditor as to any necessary further action. In the event
the Auditor determines additional procedures are necessary, the cost of such procedures shall be
paid by the District.” (March 2026)
● The Board hired an Interim CFO who works within the superintendent’s administrative team and then
reports directly to the Board during Board Meetings. (February 24, 2026)
1 Red - changes post March 10 meeting
Blue - changes post March 24 meeting
Matt Degner - Superintendent of Schools
It is the policy of the Iowa City Community School District not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability, religion, creed, age,
marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity and socioeconomic status in its educational programs, activities, or employment practices. There is a
grievance procedure for processing complaints of discrimination. If you have questions or a grievance related to this policy, please contact Laura Cottrell
for programming at cottrell.laura@iowacityschools.org or Nick Proud for employment at proud.nick@iowacityschools.org, 2255 N. Dubuque Rd, Iowa City,
IA 52245, (319) 688-1000. If you are unsure how to proceed or would like assistance in discussing your options, you may also contact Janet Abejo-Parker at
ombuds@iowacityschools.org or (319) 688-1312.

Educational Services Center
2255 N Dubuque Rd • Iowa City, IA 52245
(319) 688-1000 • www.iowacityschools.org
● The Board requested a monthly written report of all receipts, disbursements, and balances of its funds.
Interim CFO Michael-Lee will lead this work. (March 5, 2026)
● The Board requested the Iowa Association of School Boards provide all board members with
professional development sessions in the area of school finance. (March 11, 2026)
● The Board is re-examining the charter of its Financial Oversight Committee with the goal of establishing
a robust committee composed of community stakeholders to provide better oversight and expertise
regarding the District’s finances and financial management. (March 2026)
● The District engaged with an outside search firm to lead the process for selection of the next CFO. The
Board is actively participating in this process. Board Members will play a role by serving on the interview
panels, providing input on the recommended candidate, and then the full Board will make the final
decision regarding hiring of the next CFO. Interviews are currently scheduled for the end of March, with
a recommendation to hire presented to the Board in April. (March 2026)
● A detailed accounting of all deficiencies and corrective actions taken by the interim CFO will be provided
at the end of the Interim CFO’s tenure with the District. (Spring 2026)
○ Utilize report to learn and to improve practices and oversight
● The Board will engage in a multistage approach to obtaining and sustaining financial health and stability
(March 10, 2026)
○ Stage 1 - Spring 2026 Budget Reductions (March 24, 2026)
○ Stage 2 - Review of District organizational chart and utilization of outside firm to review current
district staffing approach (Summer 2026)
○ Stage 3 - Elementary attendance center capacity review and class size study for long term fiscal
sustainability (Fall/Winter 2026-27)
● Review and updating of admin policies, specifically 303.2 and other related policies
○ Board involvement in the administrator hiring process
● Interim CFO to review the SBRC Corrective Action Document from fall 2023 and identify what actions
have been made and what ones still need to be made
● Update to P-Card policy and processes, and increased monitoring of p-card use by the Board through
monthly inclusion of p-card usage as part of the consent agenda
● The Board has requested the creation of an anonymous feedback channel for staff.
● At the conclusion of the FY24-FY25 audits, the Board will hire an independent accounting firm to
perform a forensic audit to ensure that any financial fraud, misconduct or irregularities didn't occur.
Matt Degner - Superintendent of Schools
It is the policy of the Iowa City Community School District not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability, religion, creed, age,
marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity and socioeconomic status in its educational programs, activities, or employment practices. There is a
grievance procedure for processing complaints of discrimination. If you have questions or a grievance related to this policy, please contact Laura Cottrell
for programming at cottrell.laura@iowacityschools.org or Nick Proud for employment at proud.nick@iowacityschools.org, 2255 N. Dubuque Rd, Iowa City,
IA 52245, (319) 688-1000. If you are unsure how to proceed or would like assistance in discussing your options, you may also contact Janet Abejo-Parker at
ombuds@iowacityschools.org or (319) 688-1312.