Discussion: Community Communications for the Board of Education
For April 28, 2026
What’s the idea?
Directors could participate in producing regular communication from the board to the community to
highlight board work of particular interest to the community, make information about important and
complex topics more accessible, and foster broad community engagement.
Why?
The bottom line is that our community is requesting more from us. With so many challenging, complex
issues before the board, the volume of information to wade through is enormous, and most people
simply do not have the time to track and consume it all, even though it matters a great deal to them.
Additionally, the district’s email and other communication channels can’t reach all interested community
members. The board could help fill the vacuum and do so fairly easily.
What might this look like?
A dedicated landing page within the ICCSD website that could house:
● Short videos recorded by directors (likely with support from the Community Relations team;
logistics to be worked out if this idea moves forward)
● Supporting summary documents related to topics covered in videos (leaving the detailed docs in
the Simbli site)
● Access to the district finance dashboard that is currently being explored for possible
development
● Directions for how to access the Simbli site and recordings of full meetings
We could also push out the videos via the district’s social media channels.
What would the videos be like?
Videos could be recorded immediately following meetings by one director at a time, in rotation. Any
director who would like to participate could be part of the rotation. Videos could be:
● Short (2-5 minutes max)
● Conversational in tone
● Focused on the main topics and decisions of the meeting, not on trying to share every detail
● An opportunity to acknowledge themes from community comments, whether delivered in
person or received via email
● Representative of the full board, as well as an opportunity for board members to briefly
introduce themselves to the community
For a great example of this idea in action, take a look at the videos the Cedar Rapids board members are
posting on the district’s social media channels.