Bank Reconciliations 2023 2024 2025 2026
General Complete Complete In Process Pending
schoolhouse Complete Complete Pending Pending
Activity Complete Complete Pending Pending
Insurance Complete Complete Complete pending
Food Service Complete Complete Pending Pending
Payroll Complete Complete Pending Pending
*Custody of funds / allocations needs confirmation
Investment
General Complete Complete Pending Pending
PPEL Complete Complete Pending Pending
Save Complete Complete Pending Pending
Activity Complete Complete Pending Pending
Insurance Complete Complete Pending Pending
Food Service Complete Complete Pending Pending
Audit
Interim Fieldwork Complete In process Pending Pending
Final Fieldwork Complete Schedule early April Pending Pending
Single Audit Complete Part of final Fieldwork Pending Pending
Tax Filings Complete Current n/a n/a
*Complete indicates through June 30th, the year then ended.
Certified Budget Complete In Process (Curt Pratt) n/a n/a
NOTES:
The errors in interfund transactions posted for FY 24 have been corrected
The auditors were on site this week to conduct interim fieldwork for FY 24, 25 and 26. Other than a few items outstanding on payroll controls testing
interim fieldwork is substancially completed for the three years there ended.
Substancial work has also been completed on the internal service (Insurance) fund balance sheet and statement of changes in net position, but were
slighlty delayed by assisting with completion of request for the interim fieldwork.
Items pending completion are the IBNR (Incurred but not reported insurance claims) calculaition for claims payable, and reconciliation of the employee flexible spending
accounts
We additionally noted that in prior years, an asset was reported in the general fund for prepaid medical expenses without a corresponding liability on the insurance fund.
This included medical premium expenses for teacher salaries paid in FY 25 for FY24. The net effect would be a one time increase to medical premiums expense for FY 24.
(approximatley 1.5MM)
This treatment was confirmed with the auditors, and will be corrected for the FY24 financial statements.
This correction will not have any impact on casfhlow or cash position, and is a book only adjustment.
We have completed an initial pass of the general fund cash reconciliations for all months and identified the obvious items that need corrected.
We are going back through each month now to correct the remaining items that require more research. Journal entries for July and August have been sent to Alan for review before posting.