Marzano Resources
Purchase Agreement
Effective December 12, 2025, Marzano Resources, LLC (“Marzano Resources”) located at 555 N. Morton
St., Bloomington, IN 47404 and Iowa City Community School District (“Customer”) located at 2255 N
Dubuque Rd, Iowa City, IA 52245-9580 agree as follows:
1. Summary of Products and Services: Customer will purchase the following Marzano Resources
products and services (“Products”). Additional Products may be added by mutual written Agreement.
Products and Services Total
Professional Development $14,200.00
Total $14,200.00
2. Payment Terms: Customer will provide Marzano Resources with a purchase order made out to
Marzano Resources, 555 N. Morton St., Bloomington, IN 47404, for the full amount due under this
Agreement upon execution of this Agreement (the “Purchase Order Due Date”). A non-refundable
deposit of 20% of the Professional Development amount will be invoiced upon execution of this
Agreement. The total includes any travel, lodging, and incidental expenses incurred by Marzano
Resources. All payments are due net 30 days from the actual date of invoice. All past due invoices
are subject to a finance charge of 1.5% monthly. Marzano Resources will invoice Customer off of the
purchase order based on the following schedule:
Description Payment Expected Invoice Date
20% Deposit (non-refundable) $2,840.00 Upon execution of Agreement
Professional Development $11,360.00 June 9, 2026
3. Professional Development
3.1. Description of Services: Marzano Resources agrees to provide a speaker, Mike Ruyle
(“Associate”), to disseminate information for Customer on the topic of Teaching Basic,
Advanced, and Academic Vocabulary on June 8, 2026, to June 9, 2026.
3.2. Presentation Materials: Customer will reproduce any handouts and other print materials related
to the services and will notify the Associate directly of any deadlines for reproduction.
3.3. Venue and Audio/Visual Equipment: Customer will provide a venue, audio/video equipment,
and technical support for all sessions.
4. General Terms
4.1. Intellectual Property: Customer acknowledges that Marzano Resources or Associate owns the
copyrights to all tangible or electronic presentation materials, handouts, and/or program books
used in conjunction with services performed under this Agreement and that no materials will be
developed specifically for Customer. Marzano Resources will retain all copyrights owned prior to
entering this Agreement, and Customer may not reproduce any materials not designated
v20.1.1 Page 1 of 3

reproducible without the express written permission of Marzano Resources. All audio, video, and
digital recording of the services by Customer is prohibited.
4.2. Force Majeure: If an event beyond the parties’ control makes performance impossible, illegal, or
commercially impracticable (a “Force Majeure Event”), the parties will proceed as follows:
a. If a Force Majeure Event prevents services from occurring onsite, the parties will arrange
for the affected services to be delivered virtually on the scheduled dates.
b. If a Force Majeure Event prevents services from occurring as scheduled, the parties will
use best efforts to reschedule or make substitutions for affected services or products.
c. If a Force Majeure Event prevents performance entirely, neither party will have any further
liability to the other party for the prevented performance.
d. All obligations unaffected by a Force Majeure Event will remain in place.
4.3. Termination: Marzano Resources may terminate this Agreement if Marzano Resources has not
received a purchase order by the Purchase Order Due Date.
a. Professional Development: If Customer cancels any Professional Development Services
within 90 days of the scheduled date for any reason but Force Majeure, Customer will
reimburse Marzano Resources for any reasonable business expenses incurred in
anticipation of performance of this Agreement that exceed the amount of the deposit. If
events beyond the parties’ control make performance on the scheduled dates impossible,
the parties will make a good faith effort to reschedule the Professional Development
Services.
b. Resource Returns and Refunds: Resource returns and refunds will be handled by the
Return Policy outlines at https://www.marzanoresources.com/customer-service/product-
orders.
4.4. Entire Agreement: This Agreement and any exhibits attached hereto constitute the entire
agreement of the parties and supersede any prior or contemporaneous written or oral
understanding or agreement. No waiver or modification of any of the terms of the Agreement will
be effective unless made in writing and signed by both parties, and the unenforceability,
invalidity, or illegality of any provision of this Agreement will not render the other provisions
unenforceable, invalid, or illegal. Any waiver by either party of any default or breach hereunder
will not constitute a waiver of any provision of this Agreement or of any subsequent default or
breach of the same or a different kind.
v20.1.1 Page 2 of 3

This Agreement is acknowledged and accepted by Customer and Marzano Resources:
Board President Date Kate Weber Date
Director of Professional Development
Iowa City Community School District Marzano Resources, LLC
Please email this Agreement to Joe Cincoski at joseph.cincoski@marzanoresources.com.
v20.1.1 Page 3 of 3