Internet Services Agreement
between
Unite Private Networks, LLC d/b/a Segra
120 W 12th Street, Floor 11
Kansas City, MO 64105
and
Iowa City Schools
1725 North Dodge Street
Iowa City, IA 52245
Segra ID: S0024999
Dated _________________, 2026
1

Confidential
Internet Services Agreement
This Internet Services Agreement is entered into as of the first date listed above by and between
Iowa City Schools (“Customer”) and Unite Private Networks, LLC d/b/a Segra (“Segra”). The Customer
and Segra may hereinafter be referred to individually as a “Party” or together as the “Parties.”
Recitals
A. Segra is in the business of leasing Internet facilities (“Internet Facilities”) and providing
Internet access services (“Internet Services”) to school districts and other customers.
B. Following a competitive bidding process, Customer selected Segra as the most cost-effective
provider of leased Internet Facilities and Internet Services to Customer.
C. Customer has received all approvals required by it to enter into this Agreement, under which
Segra will lease Internet Facilities and provide Internet Services to Customer.
D. The Parties previously entered into that certain Internet Services Agreement executed by and
between Customer and Segra on April 26, 2019 (Segra ID#: 22019) (the “2019 Agreement”). The 2019
Agreement has expired and is currently renewing on a month-to-month basis by conduct of the Parties. It is
the Parties intention that the 2019 Agreement shall remain in effect until June 30, 2026 to align with the E-
Rate funding year, and that this Agreement shall take their place effective July 1, 2026, without any lapse in
the lease of the Internet Facilities and Internet Services in connection therewith.
Agreement
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants set forth herein and other good and
valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Customer and
Segra agree as follows:
1. Internet Facilities and Services. Segra agrees to lease Internet Facilities and provide the
Internet Services to the Customer, as described in further detail within Schedule A attached hereto. The
Internet Facilities are owned by Segra and will continue to be owned by Segra following the expiration or
termination of this Agreement. This Agreement shall operate as a “lease” as defined by applicable law.
Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as a transfer of title to any part of the Internet Facilities to the
Customer or the creation of a security interest. The Customer disclaims any interest it may claim in the
materials, equipment, fiber optic cable, and all personal property installed by Segra on the real property of
the Customer. The Customer shall keep Segra’s Internet Facilities free from all liens and encumbrances.
The Customer’s use of the Internet Facilities and Internet Services shall be limited to the Customer. The
Customer may not assign, lease, or allow any other party the right to use the Internet Facilities without
Segra’s express consent. Any other use shall be considered default under Section 11(a).
2. Agreement Term. This Agreement will have a term of five (5) years, commencing upon July
1, 2026. This Agreement may be extended upon mutual agreement of Segra and the Customer.
3. E-Rate Program. If requested by the Customer, Segra will work with the Customer to
participate in the Schools and Libraries Program of the Universal Service Fund (the “E-Rate Program”). In
that event, the Parties will cooperate in maximizing the discounts available to the Customer under the E-Rate
Program related to the Internet Facilities and the Internet Services. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything
to the contrary, the Customer’s participation in the E-Rate Program is not a condition of either Party’s
obligations under this Agreement.
2

Confidential
4. Change Orders. Any changes to the Internet Facilities or the Internet Services will be set
forth in a change order or other document signed by both the Customer and Segra.
5. Additional Sites and Upgrades. This Agreement contemplates the possibility of the
Customer adding and/or upgrading Internet Services during the term. If the Customer elects to add or
upgrade services during the term of this Agreement, the Parties will execute a Statement of Understanding
related to this Agreement. All Internet Services under this Agreement will have a term that is coterminous
with the term noted in Schedule C. The Parties will agree on a payment schedule for the additional services
and/or upgrades and these terms will be memorialized in the Statement of Understanding.
6. Delivery and Installation. Segra will deliver, install, configure, and maintain the Internet
Facilities. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Parties agree as follows:
(a) Staging, Storage, and Access. During the installation of the Internet Facilities, the
Customer agrees to provide Segra with (i) suitable staging and storage areas at Customer facilities
for relevant equipment, materials, and components and (ii) access to Customer facilities as may be
necessary to install, as reasonably determined by Segra, provided that such access must be
scheduled with the Customer in advance. Customer personnel may accompany Segra personnel
during any installation work at any Customer facility.
(b) Substitute Materials. In the event that any materials or components of or relating
to the Internet Facilities are not available for timely delivery and installation, Segra may substitute
materials or components of equivalent or superior functionality and performance.
(c) Site Preparation. Prior to the installation of Internet Facilities, the Customer will
clean and otherwise prepare all installation sites and will continue to maintain those sites (but not,
for clarity, the Internet Facilities) following such installation.
(d) Landscaping. Segra will restore all landscaping disturbed the Segra’s installation,
maintenance, or removal activities. The Customer will be responsible for landscape watering,
including at restored landscaping sites.
(f) Non-Internet Facilities. The Customer is responsible for the installation,
configuration, and maintenance of all facilities and components that are not Internet Facilities. At
the Customer’s request, Segra may install, configure, and maintain such facilities and components,
subject to Segra’s standard charges, terms, and conditions.
(g) Special Needs. If additional labor or materials are needed to install or maintain the
Internet Facilities due to unusual site requirements or other special needs or characteristics of the
Customer or its facilities, as reasonably determined by Segra and agreed to by the Customer, the
Customer will reimburse Segra for any corresponding extra costs incurred by Segra to address those
requirements, needs, or characteristics.
(h) Planning and Deviations. Appropriate representatives of Segra and the Customer
will meet prior to the installation of the Internet Facilities, and otherwise as necessary, to formulate
and finalize the installation methodology and configuration design for the Internet Facilities. If,
prior to or during the installation process, Segra, in its reasonable judgment, deems it necessary or
prudent to materially deviate from the final installation design, it will present such deviation to the
Customer for its approval, which the Customer may not unreasonably withhold or delay; provided,
however, that Segra reserves the right to make, without such approval, changes in fiber routing,
3

Confidential
conversion from underground to overhead configuration to avoid obstructions, and other
modifications to the final installation methodology and design.
(i) Timeline. Segra and the Customer agree to the installation and configuration
timeline set forth in Schedule B. The Customer agrees to all reasonable extensions necessitated by
the actions or inactions of the Customer or otherwise resulting from circumstances beyond Segra’s
control.
(j) Maintenance. Segra is responsible for maintaining the Internet Facilities. The
Customer agrees to provide Segra with such access to its facilities as may be necessary to efficiently
carry out its maintenance activities, as reasonably determined by Segra, provided that, when
practicable, (i) such access must be scheduled with the Customer in advance. Customer personnel
may accompany Segra personnel during any maintenance work at any Customer facility.
(k) Service Commencement Letter. Upon completion of the installation, the
Customer will receive a Service Commencement Letter from Segra indicating that the Internet
Services are operational. Unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties in writing, Segra’s issuance of
a Service Commencement Letter signifies the beginning of the Term.
7. Fees and Payment. The Customer will pay for the leased Internet Facilities and the Internet
Services in the amounts set forth on Schedule C and otherwise in accordance with and this Section 7.
(a) Partial Fees. In the event that any fees are payable on a monthly basis (or otherwise
on a regular schedule), the fee for any partial month (or other relevant period) will be pro-rated
accordingly.
(b) Due Dates and Late Payment Charges. All fees will be paid no later than thirty
(30) days following the receipt by the Customer of an invoice from Segra. If any part of a lease
payment or other payment obligation of Customer is more than thirty (30) days past due, such
amount shall accrue interest from the date such payment is due until paid, including accrued interest
compounded monthly, at a rate equal to one and one half percent (1.5%) per month on the
outstanding balance (18% per annum) or (ii) if less, the maximum late payment charge permissible
under applicable law. The Customer understands that the Customer’s obligation to make lease
payments continues throughout the Term, regardless of Customer’s actual usage of the Internet.
(c) Changes in Internet Facilities and Internet Services. If, pursuant to Section 4
above, the Internet Facilities or Internet Services are changed, the Parties will agree on an
appropriate adjustment or supplement to the fees set forth in Schedule C.
(d) Taxes and Additional Charges. All applicable taxes and fees, including federal,
state, local use, excise, gross receipts, sales or privilege taxes, occupation taxes, duties, regulatory
fees, or similar liabilities charged to or against Segra or the Customer because of the services
furnished by Segra shall be assessed to and paid by the Customer. The Customer must provide
documentation evidencing its exemption from any such taxes or fees.
(e) Billing Method. Segra will invoice under USAC’s Billed Entity Applicant
Reimbursement Method (“BEAR Method”) (the total amount before applying the Customer’s
USAC discount). Upon the Customer’s receipt and notification to Segra of the issuance of its
FCDL, the Customer may choose its preferred method of billing by filling out a form provided by
Segra.
4

Confidential
8. Customer Agreements and Acknowledgements. The Customer agrees as follows:
(a) Adequacy of Internet Services. The Customer acknowledges that the Internet
Facilities and Internet Services described in Schedule A meet the Customer’s requirements.
(b) Security. The Customer is solely responsible for providing security services in
respect of the Internet Facilities located at or on Customer facilities or properties. The Customer
will provide such security services in a commercially reasonable manner, in light of all security
considerations applicable to the relevant facility or property.
(c) Compliance with Law. The Internet Facilities and Internet Services shall not be
used in a manner that could be construed as a violation of this Agreement or any laws, regulations,
orders, and/or rules of any governmental authority having jurisdiction. The Customer and Segra
agree to take all reasonable actions as may be appropriate to comply with all laws, regulations,
orders and/or rules.
(d) Customer Personnel. The Customer will ensure that its personnel and contractors
(i) are educated and trained in the proper use and operation of the Internet Facilities for the Internet
Services (ii) follow applicable operations and instruction.
(e) Electrical Circuits and Energy. The Customer will provide all electrical energy
required for the installation and operation of the Internet Facilities.
(f) Authority; Non-Violation. The Customer represents and warrants that (i) this
Agreement has been duly authorized, executed, and delivered by the Customer, and (ii) the
execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement do not and will not conflict with, breach,
or otherwise violate any of the organizational or governing documents of the Customer or any
agreement or instrument to which the Customer is a party or by which the Customer is bound.
(g) Insurance. The Customer will procure and maintain insurance policies covering
all loss and damage to Internet Facilities located at facilities under the Customer’s control,
including without limitation all materials and components located at Customer facilities prior to,
during, or after the installation process, with appropriate coverage limits and other terms and
conditions. The Customer will cause such insurance policies (i) to include Segra as a certificate
holder and (ii) to require at least thirty (30) days’ written notice to Segra prior to the effective date
of any termination of coverage. Upon request by Segra, the Customer agrees to provide proof of
insurance meeting these requirements.
9. Segra Warranties and Disclaimers. Subject in all cases to Section 17(i) below, Segra agrees
as follows:
(a) Compliance with Law. Segra will comply with all applicable laws while providing
the Internet Services.
(b) Authority; Non-Violation. Segra represents and warrants that (i) this Agreement
has been duly authorized, executed, and delivered by Segra, and (ii) the execution, delivery, and
performance of this Agreement do not and will not conflict with, breach, or otherwise violate any
of the organizational or governing documents of Segra or any agreement or instrument to which
Segra is a party or by which Segra is bound.
5

Confidential
(c) Non-Internet Facilities and Services. Segra makes no representation or warranty
whatsoever regarding facilities and components that are not Internet Facilities, or regarding services
that are not Internet Services.
(d) Disclaimer. Segra MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY
EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE INTERNET SERVICES OR
INTERNET FACILITIES, AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY,
INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND/OR FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ASSUMES NO OBLIGATION WITH RESPECT TO
THE ENFORCEMENT OF ANY MANUFACTURER’S WARRANTIES AND GUARANTEES.
No defect, unfitness, or other condition of system equipment or services shall relieve Customer of
the obligation to pay any charges hereunder or perform any other obligations under this Agreement.
10. Alterations and Attachments. The Customer may not make any alterations or attachments
to the Internet Facilities without Segra’s prior written consent. Unless agreed to in writing by Segra, Segra
has no maintenance or other obligations whatsoever with respect to any alterations or attachments made to
the Internet Facilities by the Customer. If Segra provides any maintenance or other services in respect of
any such alterations or attachments, Segra will provide such services subject to its standard charges, terms,
and conditions. Segra is not responsible for any malfunction, non-performance, or performance degradation
of the Internet Facilities, or any inability of Segra to satisfy its obligations under this Agreement, caused by
or resulting directly or indirectly from any alteration or attachment made to the Internet Facilities by the
Customer, or any other action by the Customer. The Customer is solely responsible for, and agrees to
indemnify Segra against, all claims and damages caused by or resulting directly or indirectly from any
alteration or attachment made to the Internet Facilities by the Customer.
11. Termination. Either Party may terminate this Agreement for cause by giving written notice
to the other Party, and this Agreement will be terminated as follows:
(a) By Segra. As it relates to termination by Segra, “for cause” means (i) the
Customer’s failure or refusal to make any payment due to Segra hereunder within ten (10) days
after the Customer receives written notice from Segra of such failure or refusal, (ii) the Customer’s
continuing failure or refusal to perform any other material obligation under this Agreement, subject
to a reasonable cure period not to exceed thirty (30) days, or (iii) willful misconduct, embezzlement,
or other illegal or unethical acts by the Customer.
(b) By the Customer. As it relates to termination by the Customer, “for cause” means
(i) Segra’s continuing failure or refusal to perform any material obligation under this Agreement,
subject to a reasonable cure period, or (ii) Segra’s uncured failure to adhere to any applicable laws,
regulations, or other rules imposed by an entity with governing authority.
For clarity, upon the termination of this Agreement for cause by Segra, Segra will be entitled to recover
liquidated damages in the amount of all fees that would have been payable to Segra under this Agreement
for its full term (i.e., assuming this Agreement had not been terminated early).
By executing the Agreement, the Customer warrants that the Customer has funds appropriated and available
to pay all amounts due hereunder through the end of the Customer’s current fiscal period. The Customer
further agrees to request all appropriations and funding necessary to pay for the Internet Services for each
subsequent fiscal period through the end of the Agreement Term. In the event funds are not appropriated,
budgeted, or otherwise made available, this Agreement shall be terminated on the last day of the period for
which funds were appropriated for such purposes and the Customer shall have no further obligation
hereunder upon the following conditions: (i) the Customer has taken all actions necessary to obtain
6

Confidential
adequate funding; (ii) despite the Customer’s best efforts, funds have not been appropriated and are
otherwise unavailable to pay for the Internet Services; and (iii) the Customer has negotiated in good faith
with Segra to develop revised terms, an alternative payment schedule, or a new agreement to accommodate
the Customer’s budget. The Customer must provide Segra thirty (30) days’ written notice of its intent to
terminate Internet Services. If the Customer terminates the Internet Services under this Section, the
Customer agrees as follows: (i) it will pay all amounts due for Internet Services incurred through date of
termination and reimburse all unrecovered non-recurring charges, including Segra’s actual construction
costs incurred in performance under the Agreement; and (ii) it will not contract with any other provider for
the same or substantially similar services or equipment for a period equal to the original Agreement Term.
12. Effect of Termination or Expiration. Upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement,
Segra will have the right to remove any Internet Facilities located at facilities under the Customer’s control,
and the Parties agree to cooperate in allowing such removal by Segra.
13. Confidential Information. Each Party acknowledges (a) that it will have access to
Confidential Information of the other Party, (b) that such information constitutes valuable, special, and
unique property, and (c) that no right or license is granted with respect to such information, except as
specifically set forth in this Agreement. Each Party agrees that it will not at any time, in any manner
whatsoever, whether directly or indirectly, disclose to any person or entity, or use, any confidential
information of the other party, except as required by law or as necessary for the performance or enforcement
of this Agreement. “Confidential Information” means all non-public and proprietary information of or
concerning one Party that is disclosed or made available to the other Party, including the terms of this
Agreement and any non-public information concerning a Party’s business, operations, plans, processes,
products (including related manuals and support materials), systems, marketing information, diagnostics,
specifications, know-how, personnel, patrons, students, or data of any kind. Each Party will ensure that its
employees and other representatives comply with the confidentiality obligations under this Agreement.
Each party agrees that it will not copy the Confidential Information of the other Party other than on an “as
necessary” basis in connection with the performance or enforcement of this Agreement. Upon the request
of other party, or upon the termination or expiration of this Agreement, each Party agrees to return or
destroy any Confidential Information of the other Party in its possession. The Parties acknowledge that
remedies at law may be inadequate to protect against any actual or threatened breach of the confidentiality
obligations under this Agreement, and, without prejudice to any other rights and remedies otherwise
available, agree to the granting of injunctive relief without proof of actual damages. This Section 13 will
survive the termination or expiration of this Agreement.
14. Independent Contractor Status. Nothing contained herein may be construed as making the
Parties partners or joint venturers or creating a principal/agent relationship. Segra has no authority to create
any obligation on behalf of, or in the name of, the Customer, or otherwise to bind the Customer in any way.
15. Notices. Any notice, demand, waiver, or consent under this Agreement must be in writing
and, unless otherwise agreed to by the recipient, delivered by prepaid registered or certified mail (with
return receipt requested), or by a national overnight courier service, addressed as follows:
If to Segra: Unite Private Networks, LLC d/b/a Segra
Attn: Legal Department
120 W 12th Street, Floor 11
Kansas City, MO 64105
SegraLegal@SegraFiber.com
If to the Customer: Iowa City Schools
7

Confidential
Attn: _______________
1725 North Dodge Street
Iowa City, IA 22019
All such notices, demands, waivers, and consents will be effective upon receipt or refusal of delivery,
whichever occurs first. Either Party may change its address or facsimile number for purposes of this Section
15 by giving notice in accordance with this Section 15.
16. Force Majeure. Neither Party will be liable for the failure to fulfill its obligations under
this Agreement if and to the extent such failure is caused by an occurrence beyond its reasonable control,
including, without limitation: expropriation or confiscation of facilities, compliance with any order or
decree of any governmental authority; acts of war or terrorism, floods or abnormal severe weather; riots,
rebellion, or sabotage; fires or explosions; labor disputes, strikes, or other concerted acts of workmen;
accidents or other casualty; damage to fiber or facilities caused by a third party; and failures of utilities,
local exchange carriers, cities, municipalities, and other political subdivision to follow laws, agreements,
or contracts. Further, neither Party will be liable for delays caused by the inaction of utilities, local
exchange carriers, cities, municipalities, or other political subdivisions in granting access to rights of way,
poles, or any other required items needed for the installation or operation of the Internet Facilities.
17. Miscellaneous.
(a) Waivers. Any failure or delay by either Party in exercising any right or remedy
under this Agreement will not constitute a waiver of that right or remedy. Any waiver by either
Party of any right or remedy under this Agreement must be in writing and signed by the party
waiving the right or remedy.
(b) Governing Law. The laws of the state of Iowa govern this Agreement, without
regard to conflicts of law principles.
(c) Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including the schedules attached hereto,
constitutes the entire contract and supersedes any and all other prior agreements or understandings,
written or oral, including any and all documents exchanged between the parties in any competitive
bidding process for the Internet Facilities and the Internet Services (or similar facilities and
services).
(d) Amendments. Any amendment to this Agreement must be in writing and signed
by both Parties.
(e) Assignment. Neither Party may assign its rights or obligations under this
Agreement without the prior written consent of the other Party, which may not withhold or delay
its consent unreasonably. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, Segra may, without the
Customer’s consent, (i) assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to an affiliate, (ii)
assign its right to receive payments under this Agreement to any creditor, and (iii) assign its rights
and obligations under this Agreement to an entity acquiring all or substantially all of Segra’s assets.
Any purported assignment prohibited by this provision will be null and void.
(f) Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is binding upon and inures to the benefit
of the successors and permitted assigns of the parties to this Agreement.
(g) Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of
reference only and may not be utilized in construing or interpreting this Agreement.
8

Confidential
(h) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which
will be deemed an original, but which together will constitute but one and the same instrument.
(i) Limitations on Damages. With the exception of any service credits for service-
impacting conditions under the Service Level Agreement, Segra will not be liable for any indirect
or consequential damages, including but not limited to, lost profits or business revenue, lost
business, failure to realize expected savings, lost or damaged data, other commercial or economic
loss of any kind, whether or not such damages are foreseeable.
(j) Construction. This Agreement is to be construed as the joint and equal work
product of each Party and may not be interpreted more or less favorably in respect of either party
on account of its preparation or drafting.
(k) Acceptable Use. The Customer represents and warrants that it shall comply with
all relevant laws pertaining to the Internet Services. The Customer further represents and warrants
that at all times the Customer shall conform its use of the Internet Services to the Segra Acceptable
Use Policy, which is available at www.uniteprivatenetworks.com/acceptable-use-policy/.
(k) Severability. In the event that any term or provision of this Agreement is held
invalid or unenforceable by any court having jurisdiction over this Agreement (i) the subject matter
ruled invalid or unenforceable shall be addressed by the Parties via an amendment that shall
substitute valid and enforceable provisions; and (ii) it will not affect the validity or enforceability
of the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement not otherwise addressed within the
Amendment. In the event the parties cannot reach a mutually acceptable amendment within thirty
(30) days of the final ruling of the highest court to which the matter is taken, the Agreement shall
terminate retroactively as of the date of the last court’s decision or as otherwise directed by the
court.
(m) Waiver of Jury Trial. Each Party waives trial by jury with respect to any dispute
regarding or arising under this Agreement.
(n) Time Limit for Legal Actions. All legal action, regardless of its form, relating to
or arising under this Agreement must be commenced within the requisite period of time required
for such action under the applicable statute(s) of limitation.
(o) Dispute Resolution. Each Party agrees that, prior to taking any legal action,
regardless of its form, relating to or arising under this Agreement, it will work in good faith with
the other Party in an effort to resolve the disputed matter.
Signature page to follow.
9

Confidential
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by a duly authorized representative
of each Party as of the day and year first above written.
Unite Private Networks, LLC d/b/a Segra:
Signature:_______________________________________
Name: ___________________________________
Title: ___________________________________
Date: ___________________________________
Iowa City Schools:
Signature:___________________________________________
Name:
Title:
Date: ___________________________________
10

Schedule A – Internet Services
Internet Services:
Circuit 1: Ten (10) Gbps of bandwidth shall be delivered to 1725 N Dodge St, Iowa City, IA 52245.
IP Addresses:
Associated with Circuit 1: /25 IPv4 Addresses (128 with 126 useable)
The District understands that one (1) usable IP address in each IPv4 address block may need to be reserved,
leaving one (1) fewer usable IP address for the District.
Schedule B – Installation Timeline
Anticipated delivery of Internet Services under this Agreement shall occur on approximately July 1, 2026.
Schedule C – Fees and Payment Schedule
The Customer shall remit payments to Segra for the duration of the term of this Agreement as follows:
1. Internet Services
a. Non-Recurring Fees: $ 0.00
b. Monthly Fees: $ 1,270.00
2. IP Addresses
a. Non-Recurring Fees: $ 0.00
b. Monthly Fees: $ 256.00 (for /25 IPv4)
3. Other Fees
All applicable taxes and fees shall be paid by the Customer in addition to the regular charges under this
Agreement unless exempt per Section 7(d) of this Agreement.
11