MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT
This Master Services Agreement (“Agreement”) is made and entered into this 25th day of
March 2026 (“Effective Date”) by and between ImOn Communications, LLC, an Iowa
limited liability company (“ImOn”), and Iowa City Community School District, located
at 355 Iowa Ave. Iowa City, IA 52240 (“Customer”) and contains the terms and
conditions for the products and Services (collectively “Services”) that you ordered from
ImOn. ImOn and Customer may be referred to as the “Parties” or “Party” throughout
this Agreement.
1. SCOPE OF AGREEMENT. This Agreement applies to all of the Services that you
have ordered from ImOn. A description of the Services you ordered as well as additional
Business and Legal Terms of Service are provided at www.ImOn.net and form a binding
part of this Agreement. For any Services subject to tariffs, catalogues, or price lists
(collectively “Price Lists”), the Price Lists are incorporated into this Agreement. ImOn
may amend any terms, pricing, and conditions in response to a regulatory change
beyond its control that materially changes the technical feasibility or economics of
Services provided, including, but not limited to, no longer providing a particular Service.
ImOn will provide written notice to Customer when exercising this right. If amended,
Customer will have thirty (30) days to terminate the Agreement for cause in writing, after
which Customer has waived its right to do so. In the event that ImOn costs increase
due to factors outside of ImOn's control, including without limitation, increased
retransmission and programming costs, Customer acknowledges and agrees that ImOn
shall pass through and Customer shall pay such increased costs regardless of whether
Customer is currently receiving any promotional pricing for ImOn Services.
2. TERM. The initial term of this Agreement is 60 month (“Term”). The term shall begin
on the date ImOn first activates Service at a Customer location (the “Service Activation
Date”) unless Customer orders any circuit-based Services. If circuit- based Services are
ordered, the Service Activation Date will be fifty (50) calendar days after this Agreement
is signed. The addition of new locations and Services will not change the term length or
Service Activation Date of this Agreement. However, certain circuit-based Services will
require a minimum one-year term length. If Customer orders such a service with less
than twelve months remaining in their existing term, then the addition of that service
shall automatically extend the existing term of the entire Agreement for twelve (12)
months from the Service Activation Date of that new circuit-based service. Upon
expiration, if this Agreement is not renewed by the Parties, Services will be provided on
a month-to-month basis after the existing term expires or until one Party provides the
other Party with thirty (30) days written notice to terminate service, or forty-five (45)
days’ notice for circuit-based services. After the initial Term of the Agreement expires,
1

ImOn may increase previously rate-stabilized prices, eliminate any term and volume
discount, or both, at its discretion.
3. TERMINATION. Either Party may terminate this Agreement for cause without
damages in the event of a material breach by providing (a) written notice specifying the
cause of termination and (b) if the other Party does not cure the material breach within
thirty (30) days of receiving notice. Your right to terminate for cause is waived if you do
not exercise this right within ninety (90) days of the event giving rise to the claim.
4. EARLY TERMINATION CHARGE. If you terminate this Agreement before the end of
the current Term without cause, as reasonably determined by ImOn, you agree to pay
any applicable early termination charge (“ETC”) plus any vendor assistance credits.
ETC is determined by multiplying the monthly recurring charge listed on your Invoice
times the number of months remaining in your current Term. The Parties agree that
ImOn’s damages in the event of early termination would be difficult or impossible to
determine, and that any ETC constitutes liquidated damages and is not intended as a
penalty. Customer will not be liable for any ETC or unreimbursed vendor assistance
credits should Customer’s business operations under the same or similar ownership be
(a) completely moved to a location where ImOn is not offering local service at the time
of the move, or (b) are permanently closed, except that Customer shall remain liable for
any ETC if Customer has a circuit-based service that would subject ImOn to an early
termination charge from the underlying circuit provider. Upon request, Customer shall
provide proof of its move or permanent closure to ImOn, and its failure to do so will
result in assessment of ETC.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, ETC does not include any build-out expenses related to
the capital investment incurred by ImOn to extend its fiber optic network to the
Customer’s business location (“Build-out Costs”). Customer acknowledges that ImOn’s
deferment of such Build-Out Costs is expressly contingent on the Customer’s
commitment to fulfill the initial Term of this Agreement. If Customer terminates this
Agreement during the initial Term for any reason, including without limitation,
permanently going out of business or moving to a new location not currently served by
ImOn, Customer agrees to repay ImOn a pro-rata amount of such Build-out Costs
based on the following formula:
If the initial Term of the Agreement is one year or less, Customer shall pay the entire
Build-out Costs. If the initial Term of the Agreement is greater than one year, Customer
shall pay a pro-rata of the Build-out Costs calculated by multiplying the total Build-out
Costs listed in this Agreement times a fraction in which the numerator is the total
months remaining in the initial Term of the Agreement and the denominator is the total
months of the initial Term of this Agreement. Customer shall pay any applicable Build-
out Costs to ImOn by the date listed on the final Invoice.
2

5. NOTICE. The Parties shall designate and maintain the following Principal Contacts
for purposes of this Agreement:
For ImOn:
Principal Contact: Darrin O’Brien
Business Phone: 319.519.6328
Email: mailto: darrin.obrien@imon.net
Business Mailing: 101 3rd Avenue SW, Suite 400, Cedar Rapids, Iowa 52404
For Customer:
Principal Contact: Joshua Reynolds
Business Phone: 319.688.1000
Email: reynolds.joshua@iowacityschools.org
Business Mailing: 1725 N Dodge St, Iowa City, IA 52245
Account ID #: 2075778
6. SERVICES. The Services that you have selected to purchase from ImOn are set forth
in the Pricing Addendum. Only the monthly recurring price for Local Line Packages and
Long Distance Services for Domestic calls installed at your original location are fixed for
the Initial Term of this Agreement. Prices do not include applicable federal, state and
local use, excise, sales and privilege taxes; applicable surcharges related to universal
service programs, emergency telephone service (911/E911), telecommunications relay
service for the hearing impaired; payphone surcharges; and other similar surcharges for
required programs. ImOn may add, delete or modify such surcharges and taxes without
notice while this Agreement remains in effect as necessary to implement changes
imposed by law. Certain Services purchased under this Agreement may be provided, in
part, by third-party vendor(s), which may be affiliated with ImOn. The Parties agree that
changes to Local Line Packages and Long Distance Services packages requested by
Customer through ImOn Customer Care will serve to amend the Agreement. You are
responsible for monthly recurring charges, usage charges, one-time activation charges,
one-time installation charges, Build-out costs, escort service, collocation access fees
and equipment purchase charges unless such charges are expressly waived in writing
in this Agreement. The Pricing Addendum does not reflect special construction charges
that may be applicable to Services you have ordered. For Cable TV (video) products,
Customer acknowledges that ImOn shall be entitled to pass through (with no mark-up)
all yearly fee increases mandated upon ImOn, including without limitation,
retransmission fees. Customer agrees to pay such additional fee increases.
3

7. SERVICE SUSPENSION/MAINTENANCE. Periodically ImOn will perform
maintenance on its network during the standard maintenance window of midnight to 4
A.M. central standard time. ImOn may need to perform unscheduled network
maintenance outside the standard maintenance window that may result in a brief
service interruption. ImOn will give Customers advance notification of such interruption
whenever reasonably possible. Any ImOn liability resulting from an unscheduled service
interruption will be determined in accordance with the governing Price List and this
Agreement.
8. WORK STATEMENT. This Agreement shall consist of the terms listed above and
any attached Addendums and Work Statements agreed to by both Parties.
Installing new 10 Gb / 10 Gb Internet service at 355 Iowa Ave, Iowa City, IA 52240.
Internet Service
Solution Quantity/ Speed Unit Price Total
Ethernet Access Internet -10Gb 10 Gb / 10 Gb $1200.00 $1,200.00
/25 IP Block 1 $225.00 $225.00
Internet Service Total $1,425.00
IP Details
“X” applicable product Comments
DHCP (default)
Static IP (single usable static IP)
Static Subnet (/31,/30,/29,etc.) X /25 IP Block
DHCP Reservation
Other
Total* Verify Equipment Compatibility for /31
Inte
4

Investment Summary - Non Recurring Build Costs
Install / Build Costs Waived -$3,028.00
Total NRC $0.00
Investment Summary – Monthly Recurring Charges
Term Length 60 Months
Total MRC $1,425.00
net Service Total
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, ImOn and Customer have caused this Agreement
to be signed by their duly authorized representatives.
ImOn Communications, LLC Iowa City Community School District
Name: Name:
Title: Title:
Signature: Signature:
Date: Date:
5