Bank Reconciliations 2023 2024 2025 2026
General Complete Complete In Process (Thru May) Pending
schoolhouse Complete Complete Pending Pending
Activity Complete Complete Pending Pending
Insurance Complete Complete Complete pending
Food Service Complete Complete Pending Pending
Payroll Complete Complete Pending Pending
*Custody of funds / allocations needs confirmation
Investment
General Complete Complete Pending Pending
PPEL Complete Complete Pending Pending
Save Complete Complete Pending Pending
Activity Complete Complete Pending Pending
Insurance Complete Complete Pending Pending
Food Service Complete Complete Pending Pending
Audit
Interim Fieldwork Complete In process Pending Pending
Final Fieldwork Complete Schedule early April Pending Pending
Single Audit Complete Part of final Fieldwork Pending Pending
Tax Filings Complete Current n/a n/a
*Complete indicates through June 30th, the year then ended.
Certified Budget Complete In Process (Curt Pratt) n/a n/a
The schedule 941 has been reconciled and filed for 1st Qtr 2026. Iowa will be filed April 10th.
A $112.02 variance was noted on the schedule 941. The error was a result of a correction of a 2025 w-2 that
was correct in the payroll subsidiary ledger detail and prior year reports, but deducted from the January payroll register totals
resulting in understatement of the Social Security and Medicare tax liabilities. We have notified Software Unlimited with the issue
in the report, and added a manual recalculation to the monthly reconciliations between the register totals and the 941 totals as an
additional review moving forward. The variance is minimal, and unlikely to result in penalty or notice by the IRS since total
penalty would be less than $15. total tax liability for the quarter was $8.5MM The process change will be implemented with the
first payroll of Q2. We have also changed procedures as of January 1st for how these transactions crossing fiscal years are
processed to prevent negative a negative form W-2 moving forward.
We have started daily cash monitoring to assist in both cash management and reconciliations. All cash receipts and checks are
now being cleared on a daily basis to promptly identify any variances between ledger and bank, as well as providing more current
information for monitoring cash position
We have begun the process of correcting the accounts receivable aging. The Accounts receivable ledger dating back to at least
2022 has been inconsistently applied, where the same "department" code was not used for both the receivable, and the receipt,
resulting in customers with no account balance due, but balances due listed as 180+ past current.
In conjunction with the daily cash monitoring noted above and cleanup of the AR aging schedule, Accounts receivable is
conducting a monthly review of the cash receipts journal for items that should have been applied to a receivable balance, to
assist in AR accuracy, and past due collection efforts.
The audit appears to be on on schedule. We have been working with the auditors for ongoing requests for documentation
required as part of the audit fieldwork. Known outstanding adjustments at this time include an adjustment to the insurance claims
payable, contingent on the 509a expected early next week. The adjustment would result in a likely immaterial change to claims
expense for the fiscal year. Per meeting with the auditors, they believe the audit is moving along well.
In order to improve capital project and asset reporting during the year, we have begun conversations with the COO on
implementing a formal fixed asset module within our ERP. Formal initial planning will take place in late May or early June to
outline procedures for departments impacted (Facilities, Nutritional Service and accounts payable).