Educational Services Center
2255 N Dubuque Rd • Iowa City, IA 52245
(319) 688-1000 • www.iowacityschools.org
Summary of Progress as of April 10, 2026
The chart attached includes a summary of activities that are in progress for the FY2024, FY 2025 and the FY2026 fiscal years clean up
and audit preparation.
Bank Statements for 2023 and 2024 have been completed. Fiscal Year 2025 has begun, the General Fund has been reconciled thru
May 2025. Journal entries posted for the general fund and have been cleared back within the reconciliations and posted. Draft
entries for the rest of the year continue. Once the General Fund is completed the other funds for FY25 will be started, we anticipate
that most of the corrections will have flowed through the general fund so anticipate the reconciliation of the other funds to proceed
quicker. For FY25 General Fund reconciliations, the draft entries through May 2025, and now sorting through June along with year-
end 13th period. As we mentioned before, there's several year-end entries hitting cash that shouldn't be, so we are sorting through
those trying to figure out how they need to be corrected.
The remaining funds are still pending for FY2025, as the General Fund is being reconciled several entries and corrections impact the
other accounts which will help with those reconciliations once all the General Fund is completed. FY2026 has not yet begun.
In order to improve capital project and asset reporting during the year, we have begun conversations on implementing a formal
fixed asset module within our ERP. Formal initial planning will take place in late May or early June to outline procedures for
departments impacted (Facilities, Nutritional Service and accounts payable).
Part of the remaining clean-up for FY2024 that still needs to occur includes the following tasks – this remains unchanged from the
prior week.
-Tie out year-end receivables and Payables against state reporting (Provided annually)
Completed
-Capitalization worksheets - completed
SOA - Pending completion of Audit Fieldwork
-Lease Worksheet - Completed
-GASB 75 calculations - Completed
-GASB 34 worksheet
Pending review of major accruals by auditors
-Revenue tie out to state and county reports.
Completed
Audit field work for FY2024 began Monday, April 6th. Meeting with the Auditors took place on March 30th.
The audit currently is on schedule. We have been working with the auditors for ongoing requests for documentation required as
part of the audit fieldwork. Known outstanding adjustments at this time include an adjustment to the insurance claims payable,
contingent on the 509a expected early next week. The adjustment would result in a likely immaterial change to claims expense for
the fiscal year. Per meeting with the auditors, they believe the audit is moving along well.
The Schedule of Expenditures of Federal Awards (SEFA) reconciliation is in process. This is a schedule that gets prepared every year
to reconcile the federal awards received and the expenditures they were used for.
Matt Degner - Superintendent of Schools
It is the policy of the Iowa City Community School District not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability, religion, creed, age,
marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity and socioeconomic status in its educational programs, activities, or employment practices. There is a
grievance procedure for processing complaints of discrimination. If you have questions or a grievance related to this policy, please contact Laura Cottrell
for programming at cottrell.laura@iowacityschools.org or Nick Proud for employment at proud.nick@iowacityschools.org, 2255 N. Dubuque Rd, Iowa City,
IA 52245, (319) 688-1000. If you are unsure how to proceed or would like assistance in discussing your options, you may also contact Janet Abejo-Parker at
ombuds@iowacityschools.org or (319) 688-1312.

Educational Services Center
2255 N Dubuque Rd • Iowa City, IA 52245
(319) 688-1000 • www.iowacityschools.org
Efficiencies and Internal Control Items for the week of April 3,2026
Monthly close schedule development continues as the reconciliations move forward. Once reconciliations are currently this will be
the document that all staff uses each month for the close. New templates will be needed to help with standardized journals that
need to be made, for example recording property taxes when received so the appropriate accounts and funds are correctly credited,
and this then will avoid correcting entries needed later.
Part of the monthly close schedule, the schedule 941 has been reconciled and filed for 1st Qtr. 2026. Iowa State will be filed April 10th.
We have started daily cash monitoring to assist in both cash management and reconciliations. All cash receipts and checks are now being cleared on a daily
basis to promptly identify any variances between ledger and bank, as well as providing more current information for monitoring cash position
We have begun the process of correcting the accounts receivable aging. The Accounts receivable ledger dating back to at least 2022 has been inconsistently
applied, where the same "department" code was not used for both the receivable, and the receipt, resulting in customers with no account balance due, but
balances due listed as 180+ past current.
In conjunction with the daily cash monitoring noted above and cleanup of the AR aging schedule, Accounts receivable is conducting a monthly review of the
cash receipts journal for items that should have been applied to a receivable balance, to assist in AR accuracy, and past due collection efforts.
The PCard policy has been given to the board for discussion and additional comments have been made to the policy per the board’s
request. The new policy will be rolled out and communicated to appropriate staff.
There has been progress on the vendor ACH initiative. New forms have been created to be able to send to the vendors to complete
in order to get their information into the system. However, most of this is being done manually as the Accounts Payable (AP) system
doesn’t have good contact information for the person where this information needs to be sent to. So, the clean-up of the system
and gathering information to be able to produce a mailing continues. We are looking at rolling this out in a three-phase process for
efficiency.
Please read through Section 3, Detailed Procedures and Timelines for Implementation. For each area, my
main question is: "Were these goals accomplished at the time of your arrival?" If the answer is not yes or no,
but somewhere in between, that is a fine answer too. I would appreciate any additional details you could
provide as well. The areas I would like examined are the following:
o Bank Reconciliations - No, they had not been reconciled since the FY2023 fiscal year. The
designated person in the implementation to perform the reconciliations was not hired until Dec
2023. The staff member responsible and CFO were both here prior to that time.
o Depositing and Posting of Receipts - No, they were not readily available, reconciled or tied
out. This task had been assigned to the Business Manager and a new position that wasn’t
filled until December 2023.
Matt Degner - Superintendent of Schools
It is the policy of the Iowa City Community School District not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability, religion, creed, age,
marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity and socioeconomic status in its educational programs, activities, or employment practices. There is a
grievance procedure for processing complaints of discrimination. If you have questions or a grievance related to this policy, please contact Laura Cottrell
for programming at cottrell.laura@iowacityschools.org or Nick Proud for employment at proud.nick@iowacityschools.org, 2255 N. Dubuque Rd, Iowa City,
IA 52245, (319) 688-1000. If you are unsure how to proceed or would like assistance in discussing your options, you may also contact Janet Abejo-Parker at
ombuds@iowacityschools.org or (319) 688-1312.

Educational Services Center
2255 N Dubuque Rd • Iowa City, IA 52245
(319) 688-1000 • www.iowacityschools.org
o Update Account Codes - This appears to have had a completion date of November 2023, so
unclear to if this was completed by then.
o Test Account Codes - This appears to have had a completion date that has already passed,
and should have been completed by the Business Manager and CFO at the time, it appears
that it did not happen.
o Fixed Asset Accounting - No, the district has not implemented the fixed asset system in the
current accounting system. It is currently being kept in an excel file that is updated annually.
o Accrual Entries - No, they are not done monthly only annual accrual are being prepared. A
13th period has been used to enter all accrual entries in then those amounts and entries are
moved annually by the Business Manager or CFO. Currently, a software platform is being
used to scan and upload all accounts payable checks and invoices into the SU financial
system so backup documentation is readily available to drill through in the system.
o SES Requirements - Enrollment is harvested in IT, additionally Weblink reporting does
currently exist and the reporting is reconciled and reviewed on an annual basis for each fiscal
year end. FY2023 is the last year that this was reviewed.
Please Review Section 4. Administrative Roles and Contingency Planning for State Report Completion
o Business Services Manager
▪ From what you have reviewed thus far, does it appear that the "Report Execution"
occurred?
▪ No, not in a timely manner and not with oversight.
▪ When you arrived, was anyone performing these duties with any semblance of
efficacy?
▪ Efficiency and direction within the business office were critically missing from
what I have observed.
o Contingency Plan
▪ When you arrived, were at least two staff members able to complete all functions
required to prepare the CAR, SES, and ATR for submission?
▪ No
▪ In the school districts you have worked in the past, is it normal for a district to bring in
staff from other areas, such as Special Education, Facilities Management, Technology
& Innovation, and Curriculum & Instruction, to complete financial reports?
▪ Each entity has its unique circumstances and has found people from different
areas to temporarily assist when it’s been critical. Such as an individual in the
math department coming over to business to assist some functions then either
staying in the department or going back to their teaching position. The practices
being referenced in this question date back to starting prior to July 2023 in this
district.
▪ If you have seen it before, how well did it work?
Matt Degner - Superintendent of Schools
It is the policy of the Iowa City Community School District not to discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability, religion, creed, age,
marital status, sexual orientation, gender identity and socioeconomic status in its educational programs, activities, or employment practices. There is a
grievance procedure for processing complaints of discrimination. If you have questions or a grievance related to this policy, please contact Laura Cottrell
for programming at cottrell.laura@iowacityschools.org or Nick Proud for employment at proud.nick@iowacityschools.org, 2255 N. Dubuque Rd, Iowa City,
IA 52245, (319) 688-1000. If you are unsure how to proceed or would like assistance in discussing your options, you may also contact Janet Abejo-Parker at
ombuds@iowacityschools.org or (319) 688-1312.