BUSINESS ASSOCIATE AGREEMENT
THIS BUSINESS ASSOCIATE AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is entered into on this
1st day of March 2026, by and between Iowa City Community School District (thereinafter
referred to as “Covered Entity”) and ClaimAid Consulting Corporation, Inc. (hereinafter
referred to as “Business Associate”).
RECITALS
Covered Entity will make available and/or transfer to Business Associate certain Protected
Health Information (“PHI”) that is confidential and must be afforded special treatment and
protection pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”) of
1996, and its implementing regulations, the Standards for Privacy of Individually Identifiable
Health Information (the “Privacy Rule”) and the Security Standards for Protection of Electronic
Health Information (the “Security Rule”), set forth in 45 CFR Parts 160 and 164.
Business Associate will have access to and/or receive from Covered Entity certain PHI or
ePHI that can be used or disclosed only in accordance with this Agreement, the Privacy Rule, and
the Security Rule.
Covered Entity and Business Associate intend to protect the privacy and provide for the
security of PHI and ePHI disclosed to Business Associate pursuant to this Agreement in
compliance with HIPAA, the Privacy Rule, the Security Rule, and other applicable laws.
As part of the Privacy Rule and the Security Rule, Covered Entity must enter into a contract
with Business Associate containing specific requirements as set forth in, but not limited to, Title
45, Sections 164.314(a), 164.502(e) and 164.504(e) of the Code of Federal Regulations (“CFR”)
and contained in this Agreement, prior to the disclosure of PHI.
NOW, THEREFORE, Covered Entity and Business Associate agree as follows:
ARTICLE I.
Definitions
1.1. Meaning of Terms. The following terms shall have the meaning ascribed to them
in this Section:
(1) BUSINESS ASSOCIATE shall generally have the meaning under 45 CFR
160.103, and in reference to the Party to this Agreement, shall mean ClaimAid
Consulting Corporation, Inc.
(2) COVERED ENTITY shall generally have the meaning under 45 CFR 160.103,
and in reference to the Party to this Agreement, shall mean Iowa City
Community School District.

(3) DESIGNATED RECORD SET shall mean a group of records maintained by or
for Covered Entity that is: (a) the medical records and billing records about
Individuals; or (b) used in whole or in part, by or for Covered Entity to make
decisions about individuals. For these purposes, the term record means any item,
collection, or grouping of information that includes PHI and is held, maintained,
collected, used, or disseminated by or for Covered Entity.
(4) ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD means an electronic record of health-
related information on an individual that is created, gathered, managed, and
consulted by authorized health care clinicians and staff.
(5) ELECTRONIC PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION (“ePHI”) shall
have the same meaning as the term “electronic protected health information” in 45
CFR Part 160.103, limited to the information created or received by Business
Associate from or on behalf of Covered Entity.
(6) HEALTH CARE OPERATIONS shall have the same meaning given to such term
in the Privacy Rule, including, but not limited to, 45 CFR Part 164.501.
(7) HHS shall mean the United States Department of Health and Human Services.
(8) INDIVIDUAL shall mean the person who is the subject of the PHI, and shall have
the same meaning as the term “individual” as defined in 45 CFR Part 160.103 and
shall include a person who qualifies as a personal representative in accordance with
45 CFR Part 164.502(g).
(9) PARTIES shall mean Business Associate and Covered Entity.
(10) PRIVACY RULE shall mean the Privacy, Security, Breach Notification, and
Enforcement Rules at 45 CFR Part 160 and Part 164.
(11) PROTECTED HEALTH INFORMATION (“PHI”) shall have the same
meaning as the term “protected health information” in 45 CFR Part 160.103
(including ePHI), limited to the information created or received by Business
Associate from or on behalf of Covered Entity.
(12) REQUIRED BY LAW shall have the same meaning as the term “required by law”
in 45 CFR Part 164.103.
(13) SECRETARY shall mean the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human
Services (“HHS”) or his or her designee.
(14) SECURITY RULE shall mean the Security Standards for Protection of Electronic
Health Information at 45 CFR Parts 160 and 164, Subparts A and C.
1.2. Other Terms. Other capitalized terms shall have the meaning ascribed to them in
the context in which they first appear. Terms used, but not otherwise defined, in this Agreement
shall have the same meaning as those terms in 45 CFR Parts 160.103, 164.103, and 164.501. Any
-2-

reference to a regulation or section in the Code of Federal Regulations (“CFR”) shall include any
corresponding regulation subsequently issued regardless of the date of issue.
ARTICLE II.
General Terms
2.1. Interpretation of Provisions. In the event of an inconsistency between the provisions
of this Agreement and the mandatory terms of the Privacy Rule or the Security Rule (as may be
expressly amended from time to time by the HHS or as a result of final interpretations by HHS, an
applicable court, or another applicable regulatory agency with authority over the Parties), the
Privacy Rule or Security Rule shall prevail.
2.2. Provisions Permitted by Privacy Rule or Security Rule. Where provisions of this
Agreement are different from those mandated by the Privacy Rule or Security Rule, but are
nonetheless permitted by the Privacy Rule or Security Rule, the provisions of the Agreement shall
control.
ARTICLE III.
Obligations and Activities of Business Associate
3.1. Limits on Use and Disclosure. Business Associate agrees not to use or further
disclose PHI other than as permitted or required by this Agreement or as Required By Law.
Further, Business Associate shall use and disclose PHI in accordance with Covered Entity’s Notice
of Privacy Practices as provided by Covered Entity to Business Associate pursuant to Section 6.1.
Business Associate agrees to only use and disclose PHI obtained pursuant to this Agreement only
if such use or disclosure is in compliance with each applicable requirement of 45 CFR
Part 164.504(e).
3.2. Safeguards. Business Associate agrees to use reasonable and appropriate
administrative, physical and technological safeguards, and comply with Subpart C of 45 CFR
Part 164 with respect to ePHI, to prevent use or disclosure of the PHI other than as provided for
by this Agreement. Business Associate represents and warrants that it has implemented, and
during the term of this Agreement shall maintain, comprehensive written privacy and security
policies and procedures and the necessary administrative, technical and physical safeguards
appropriate to the size and complexity of the Business Associate’s operations and the nature and
scope of its activities.
3.3. Mitigation of Harm. Business Associate agrees to mitigate, to the extent reasonably
practicable, any harmful effect that is known to Business Associate of a use or disclosure of PHI
by Business Associate or its agents or subcontractors in violation of the requirements of this
Agreement, the Privacy Rule, or the Security Rule.
3.4. Report of Improper Use or Disclosure. Business Associate agrees promptly to
report to Covered Entity any use or disclosure of the PHI in violation of the applicable Privacy
Rule or Security Rule not provided for by this Agreement or of which Business Associate becomes
aware (including breaches of unsecured PHI as required at 45 CFR 164.410, and any security
incident of which it becomes aware). Such report shall be in writing and shall be reported to
-3-

Covered Entity as soon as practicable after the date Business Associate becomes aware of such
use or disclosure.
3.5. Agents and Subcontractors. In accordance with 45 CFR 164.502(e)(1)(ii) and
164.308(b)(2), if applicable, Business Associate agrees to ensure that any agent, including a
subcontractor, that creates, receives, maintains, or transmits PHI on behalf of the Business
Associate agrees to the same restrictions, conditions, and requirements that apply through this
Agreement to Business Associate with respect to PHI. For purposes of the obligations under this
BAA, the term "Subcontractor" means, collectively, all of the Business Associate’s
subcontractors as well as each of their downstream entities. Business Associate and its
Subcontractors are directly subject to and must independently comply with the Business
Associate provisions of HIPAA irrespective of the provisions contained in this BAA. Business
Associate shall implement and maintain appropriate sanctions against agents and subcontractors
that violate such restrictions.
3.6. Availability of Internal Practices, Books and Records. Business Associate shall
make internal practices, books, and records relating to the use and disclosure of PHI received from,
or received by Business Associate on behalf of, Covered Entity available to the Covered Entity, or
at the request of Covered Entity to the Secretary, in a time and manner designated by Covered
Entity or the Secretary, for purposes of determining Covered Entity’s compliance with the Privacy
Rule or Security Rule. Business Associate shall notify Covered Entity, in writing, of any request
by the Secretary under this Section, and shall provide Covered Entity with a copy of any PHI that
Business Associate provides to the Secretary concurrently with providing such PHI to the
Secretary.
3.7. Access to Records. Business Associate shall provide access, at the request of
Covered Entity, and in the time and manner designated by Covered Entity, to PHI in a Designated
Record Set to Covered Entity, in order to meet the requirements under 45 CFR Part 164.524 with
regard to providing an Individual with a right to access the Individual’s PHI.
3.8. Amendments to PHI. Business Associate agrees in the time and manner designated
by Covered Entity to make PHI contained in a Designated Record Set available for any
amendments that Covered Entity agrees to make pursuant to 45 CFR Part 164.526 or to otherwise
allow Covered Entity to comply with its obligations under 45 CFR Part 164.526. If any Individual
requests an amendment of PHI, or a record about the Individual, contained in a Designated Record
Set directly from Business Associate or its agents or subcontractors, Business Associate shall
notify Covered Entity in writing as soon as administratively practical of receipt of the request.
Covered Entity shall have sole authority and responsibility to approve or deny such a request, and
shall notify Business Associate, in writing, of its decision to approve or deny any such request.
3.9. Documentation of Disclosures of PHI. Business Associate shall document such
disclosures of PHI and information related to such disclosures as would be required for Covered
Entity to respond to a request by an Individual for an accounting of disclosures of PHI in
accordance with 45 CFR Part 164.528. Such documentation shall be kept with regard to all
disclosures of PHI except the following:
(1) To carry out treatment, payment, and health care operations as provided in 45 CFR
Part 164.506;
-4-

(2) To Individuals of PHI about them as provided in 45 CFR Part 164.502;
(3) Incident to a use or disclosure otherwise permitted or required by the Privacy Rule,
as provided by 45 CFR Part 164.502;
(4) Pursuant to an authorization by an Individual as provided in 45 CFR Part 164.508;
(5) For Covered Entity’s facility directory or to persons involved in an Individual’s
care or other notification purposes as provided in 45 CFR Part 164.510;
(6) For national security or intelligence purposes as provided in 45 CFR
Part 164.512(k)(2);
(7) To correctional institutions or law enforcement officials as provided in 45 CFR
Part 164.512(k)(5);
(8) As part of a limited data set in accordance with 45 CFR Part 164.514(e); or
(9) That occurred prior to April 14, 2003.
For each such disclosure, Business Associate shall document the following information: (i) the
date of the disclosure; (ii) the name of the entity or person who received the PHI and, if known,
the address of such entity or person; (iii) a brief description of the PHI disclosed; and (iv) a brief
statement of the purpose of the disclosure that reasonably states the basis for the disclosure.
3.10. Documentation of Disclosures of PHI in an Electronic Health Record. To the extent
the Business Associate uses or maintains an electronic health record with respect to protected
health information, an individual has the right to receive an accounting of disclosures of such
electronic health records made by the Business Associate in the three (3) years prior to the date on
which the accounting is requested, including:
(1) to carry out treatment, payment and health care operations as provided in 45 CFR
Part 164.506;
(2) any disclosures not permitted by the Privacy Regulations or these Policies;
(3) any disclosures the Business Associate makes pursuant to a “public policy” purpose
as set forth in these Policies;
(4) any disclosures required by law; and
(5) any disclosures made pursuant to an administrative or judicial order, subpoena,
discovery request, QMCSO, or workers’ compensation program.
The Covered Entity shall comply with the regulations detailing the information to be collected
about each disclosure of PHI in an EHR scheduled to be issued by the Secretary of the Department
of Health and Human Services no later than six (6) months after the Secretary adopts standards on
accounting for disclosures.
-5-

3.11. Availability of Information to Respond to Request. Business Associate shall
provide to Covered Entity or an Individual, in the time and manner designated by Covered Entity,
information collected in accordance with Section 3.7 of this Agreement, to permit Covered Entity
to respond to a request by an Individual for an accounting of disclosures of PHI in accordance with
45 CFR Part 164.528. In the event that a request for an accounting is delivered directly to Business
Associate or its agent or subcontractor by an Individual or a party other than Covered Entity,
Business Associate shall, as soon as administratively practical after receiving such request,
forward it to Covered Entity in writing. Business Associate shall, unless otherwise directed by
Covered Entity or as Required by Law, supply an accounting of disclosures of PHI only to Covered
Entity.
3.12. Security Policies and Procedures of Covered Entity. Business Associate agrees to
comply with all security policies and procedures of Covered Entity regarding the use and
disclosure of PHI. Covered Entity shall provide copies of all such security policies and procedures
regarding the use and disclosure of PHI to Business Associate.
3.13. Disclosure of Minimum PHI. Business Associate agrees that it shall request, use
and/or disclose only the amount and content of PHI necessary to meet the requirements of the
Business Associate’s obligations to the Covered Entity.
(a) Business Associate agrees to limit the use, disclosure, or request of
protected health information, to the extent practicable, to the limited data set (as
defined in 45 CFR Part 164.514(e)(2)) or, if needed by the Covered Entity, to the
minimum necessary to accomplish the intended purpose of such use, disclosure, or
request.
(b) Consistent with the Covered Entity’s minimum necessary policies and
procedures, Business Associate agrees to limit the use, disclosure, or request of
protected health information to the minimum necessary, as defined by the
regulations, to accomplish the intended purpose of the use, disclosure, or request.
3.14. Training. Business Associate shall provide appropriate training to its workforce in
security, privacy, and confidentiality issues and regulations relating to PHI.
3.15. Response to Subpoena. Business Associate shall promptly notify Covered Entity if
it receives a subpoena or other legal process seeking the disclosure of PHI. Business Associate
agrees to allow Covered Entity to control the response to any such subpoena or legal process.
3.16. Notification of Claims. Business Associate shall promptly notify Covered Entity
upon notification or receipt of any civil or criminal claims, demands, causes of action, lawsuits, or
governmental enforcement actions arising out of or related to this Agreement or the PHI, regardless
of whether Covered Entity and/or Business Associate are named as parties in such claims,
demands, causes of action, lawsuits, or enforcement actions.
3.17. Protection of ePHI & Compliance with Security Standards. Business Associate
shall appropriately safeguard ePHI of the Covered Entity as follows:
-6-

(1) Business Associate shall implement administrative, physical, and technical
safeguards that reasonably and appropriately protect the confidentiality, integrity,
and availability of the ePHI it creates, receives, maintains, or transmits on behalf of
Covered Entity;
(2) Business Associate shall ensure that any agent, including a subcontractor, to whom
it provides ePHI of the Covered Entity agrees to implement reasonable and
appropriate safeguards to protect such information;
(3) Business Associate shall report to Covered Entity any security incident of which it
becomes aware; and
(4) Business Associate hereby authorizes termination of its underlying contract by
Covered Entity if Covered Entity determines that Business Associate has violated
a material term of this Agreement.
3.18. Administrative, Physical, and Technical Safeguards. Business Associate shall
implement the administrative, physical, and technical safeguards under 45 CFR Parts 164.308,
164.310, and 164.312, respectively, in accordance with 45 CFR Part 164. 306.
3.19. Policies and Procedures and Documentation Requirements. Business Associate
shall comply with the policies and procedures and documentation standards and implementation
specifications under 45 CFR Part 164.316, in accordance with 45 CFR Part 164.306.
3.20. Notification of Breach of Unsecured PHI. Upon any breach, Business Associate
shall evaluate whether such breach is a “Breach” requiring notice under HIPAA’s Privacy Rule or
Security Standards. Following Business Associate’s discovery of a Breach of Unsecured protected
health information (Unsecured PHI) in Business Associate’s control, as both terms are defined in
45 CFR Part 164.402, Business Associate shall notify Covered Entity of such Breach as soon as
practicable in accordance with 45 CFR Part 164.410. The report shall include, to the extent
possible, the identification of the individual whose Unsecured PHI has been, or is reasonably
believed by Business Associate to have been, accessed, acquired, used, or disclosed during the
breach. In addition, Business Associate shall provide Covered Entity with any other available
information that Covered Entity is required to include in a notification to the individual under 45
C.F.R. section164.404(c) at the time of the notification required above or promptly thereafter as
information becomes available.
Breaches shall be treated as discovered by Business Associate in accordance with 45 CFR
Part 164.410(a)(2).
3.21. State Law Breach Notification Requirements. Upon any breach, Business Associate
shall evaluate whether such breach is a breach requiring notice under any state laws. If Business
Associate determines that such breach requires notices to be provided under any state laws,
Business Associate shall be responsible for providing such notices in accordance with the
applicable state laws.
3.22. Material Breach or Violation of Business Associate’s Obligations. If the Business
-7-

Associate knows of a pattern of activity or practice of the Covered Entity that constitutes a material
breach or violation of an obligation of the Covered Entity under this Agreement, the Business
Associate must advise the Covered Entity of the breach and take reasonable steps to cure the
breach or end the violation. If such steps are unsuccessful, the Business Associate shall terminate
this Agreement or, if termination is not feasible, report the problem to the Secretary of the
Department of Health and Human Services.
3.23. Prohibition on Sale of Protected Health Information. - Business Associate shall
not engage in any sale of PHI.
ARTICLE IV.
Permitted Uses and Disclosures by Business Associate
4.1. Use or Disclosure to Perform Functions, Activities, or Services. Except as
otherwise limited in this Agreement, Business Associate may use or disclose PHI to perform those
functions, activities, or services that Business Associate performs for, or on behalf of, Covered
Entity, provided that such use or disclosure would not violate the Privacy Rule or the Security Rule
applicable to the Covered Entity if done by Covered Entity. The Business Associate shall use or
disclose PHI: consistent with the applicable administrative service agreement, contract, and/or
LOA and any amendments, riders, and/or renewals thereto, and perform any other function
requested by Covered Entity and consistent with applicable laws including, but not limited to, the
Privacy Rule and the Security Rule. Any such use or disclosure shall be limited to those reasons
and those individuals as necessary to meet the Business Associate’s obligations. In all
circumstances, Business Associate shall limit such uses and disclosures to the minimum amount
of PHI that is necessary to fulfill those obligations.
4.2. Disclosures to Workforce. Business Associate shall not disclose PHI to any
member of its workforce unless necessary to fulfill a purpose described in Section 4.1 and unless
Business Associate has advised such person of Business Associate’s obligations under this
Agreement and of the consequences for such person and for the Business Associate of violating
this Agreement. Business Associate shall take appropriate disciplinary action against any member
of its workforce who uses or discloses PHI in contravention of this Agreement or the Privacy Rule
or the Security Rule.
4.3. Appropriate Uses of PHI. Except as otherwise limited in this Agreement, Business
Associate may use PHI for the proper management and administration of the Business Associate
or to carry out the legal responsibilities of the Business Associate.
4.4. Appropriate Disclosures of PHI; Confidentiality Assurances and Notification.
Except as otherwise limited in this Agreement, Business Associate may disclose PHI for the proper
management and administration of the Business Associate or to carry out the legal responsibilities
of the Business Associate, provided that disclosures are required by law, or Business Associate
obtains reasonable assurances from the person to whom the information is disclosed that it will
remain confidential and used or further disclosed only as required by law or for the purpose for
which it was disclosed to the person, and the person notifies Business Associate of any instances
of which it is aware in which the confidentiality of the information has been breached.
ARTICLE V.
Indemnification, Insurance, and Additional Damages
-8-

5.1. Indemnification. The Parties shall indemnify and hold harmless the other Party
against, and reimburse the other Party for, any expense, loss, damages, legal fees, or costs arising
out of or related to any civil or criminal claims, demands, causes of action, lawsuits, or
governmental enforcement actions, whether brought by a third party or asserted by either Party,
arising out of or related to acts and omissions associated with the obligations under this Agreement
or its use or disclosure of PHI. Such indemnification shall include, but not be limited to, the
payment of all reasonable attorney’s fees associated with any claim, demand, action, cause of
action, or lawsuit arising out of or relating to such acts or omissions.
5.2. Insurance. Business Associate shall obtain and maintain at its sole expense, and in
amounts consistent with industry standards, insurance to support its indemnification obligation
under Section 5.1. A certificate of insurance coverage shall be provided to Covered Entity upon
request.
ARTICLE VI.
Obligations of Covered Entity
6.1. Notice of Privacy Practices. Covered Entity shall provide Business Associate with
the notice of privacy practices that Covered Entity produces in accordance with 45 CFR
Part 164.520, as well as any changes to such notice.
6.2. Change or Revocation of Permission. Covered Entity shall provide Business
Associate with any changes in, or revocation of, permission by an Individual to use or disclose
PHI, if such changes affect Business Associate’s permitted or required uses and disclosures of
PHI.
6.3. Restrictions on Use or Disclosure. Covered Entity shall notify Business Associate
of any restriction to the use or disclosure of PHI that Covered Entity has agreed to in accordance
with 45 CFR Part 164.522, to the extent that such restriction may affect Business Associates’ use
or disclosure of PHI.
6.4. No Request to Use or Disclose in Impermissible Manner. Except as necessary for
the management and administrative activities of the Business Associate as allowed in Sections 4.3
and 4.4, Covered Entity shall not request Business Associate to use or disclose PHI in any manner
that would not be permissible under the Privacy Rule or the Security Rule if done by Covered
Entity.
6.5. Breach Notification. When notified of a breach, use or disclosure of Unsecured PHI
not provided for by this Agreement by Business Associate, Covered Entity agrees to notify the
affected Individual, the Secretary and/or the media if it is required to do so by 45 CFR §§ 164.404,
164.406, and 164.408.
6.6. Privacy Official. Covered Entity shall notify Business Associate if the designation
of a Privacy Official and any changes of such designation.
ARTICLE VII.
Term and Termination
7.1. Term. The term of this Agreement shall be effective as of the date established by
-9-

the Secretary for Covered Entity to comply with the Privacy Rule and Security Rule, and shall
terminate when all PHI provided by Covered Entity to Business Associate, or received by Business
Associate on behalf of Covered Entity, is destroyed or returned to Covered Entity, or if it is
infeasible to return or destroy PHI, protections are extended to such information, in accordance
with the termination provisions in this Section or the date Covered Entity terminates for cause as
authorized in Section 7.2, whichever is sooner.
7.2. Termination with Cause. Upon Covered Entity’s knowledge of a material breach
by Business Associate, Covered Entity shall provide an opportunity for Business Associate to cure
the breach or end the violation and terminate this Agreement if Business Associate does not cure
the breach or end the violation within a time period to be determined by Covered Entity after
considering the nature and scope of the breach, or immediately terminate this Agreement if
Business Associate has breached a material term of this Agreement and cure is not possible. If
termination of this Agreement is not feasible, Covered Entity shall report the breach to the
Secretary.
7.3. Termination without Cause. Either the Covered Entity or the Business Associate may terminate this
Agreement without cause upon sixty (60) days’ written notice to the other party.
7.4. Judicial or Administrative Proceedings. Either Party may terminate this Agreement
by written notice to the other Party, effective immediately, if (i) the other Party is named as a
defendant in a criminal proceeding for a violation of HIPAA, the Privacy Rule, the Security Rule,
or other security or privacy laws, or (ii) a finding or stipulation that the other Party has violated
any standard or requirement of HIPAA, the Privacy Rule, the Security Rule, or any other security
or privacy laws is made in any administrative or civil proceeding in which the Party has been
joined.
7.5. Changes in Law. In the event of passage of a law or promulgation of a regulation
or an action or investigation by any regulatory body which would prohibit the relationship between
the Parties, or the operations of either Party with regard to the subject of this Agreement, the Parties
shall attempt in good faith to renegotiate the Agreement to delete the unlawful provision(s) so that
the Agreement can continue. If the Parties are unable to renegotiate the Agreement within thirty
(30) days, the Agreement shall terminate immediately, upon written notice of either Party.
7.6. Effect of Termination.
Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, Business Associate, with
respect to PHI received from Covered Entity, or created, maintained, or received
by Business Associate on behalf of Covered Entity, shall:
1. Retain only that PHI which is necessary for Business Associate to continue
its proper management and administration or to carry out its legal
responsibilities;
2. After a period of seven (7) years, destroy the remaining PHI that the
Business Associate still maintains in any form;
-10-

3. Continue to use appropriate safeguards and comply with Subpart C of 45
CFR Part 164 with respect to ePHI to prevent use or disclosure of the PHI,
other than as provided for in this Section, for as long as Business Associate
retains the PHI;
4. Not use or disclose the PHI retained by Business Associate other than for
the purposes for which such PHI was retained and subject to the same
conditions set out in Article IV which applied prior to termination; and
5. After a period of seven (7) years, destroy the PHI retained by Business
Associate when it is no longer needed by Business Associate for its proper
management and administration or to carry out its legal responsibilities.
6. If requested by the Covered Entity, transmit the protected health
information to another Business Associate of the Covered Entity at
termination.
ARTICLE VIII.
Confidentiality of Business Information
8.1. Business Information. Neither Party will publish or otherwise disclose to any other
person or entity information related to this Agreement or related to the other Party, without the
prior written consent of the other Party, except as may be necessary by reason of legal, accounting
or regulatory requirements; provided that the Party so required to disclose any such confidential
information shall inform the other Party in order that the other Party may seek a protective order
to cover such information. Each Party hereby agrees that all information communicated to it by
the other Party, whether oral or written and whether before or after execution of this Agreement,
was and will be received in strict confidence, and will be used only for purposes of this Agreement
or as necessary to use such information in performing responsibilities in the normal course of
business under the Parties primary agreement. Upon termination of this Agreement, all such
information will be promptly returned to the providing Party or certified as destroyed upon
request. This obligation of confidentiality shall not apply to information:
(a) which was known by the recipient without the obligation of confidentiality
prior to its receipt of such information;
(b) is or becomes publicly available without breach of this Agreement; or
(c) is received from a third party without an obligation of confidentiality and
without breach of this Agreement.
8.2. Survival. This Article VIII shall survive termination of the Agreement.
8.3. Not Applicable to PHI. This Article shall not be applicable to PHI. Uses,
disclosures, and disposition of PHI shall be governed by the remaining Articles of this Agreement.
Miscellaneous
8.4. Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
respective legal successors of the Parties. Neither this Agreement nor any rights or obligations
hereunder may be assigned, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the other Party.
-11-

8.5. Assistance in Litigation or Administrative Proceedings. Business Associate shall
make itself and any subcontractors, employees or agents assisting Business Associate in the
performance of its obligations under this Agreement, available to Covered Entity to testify as
witnesses, or otherwise, in the event of litigation or administrative proceedings being commenced
against Covered Entity, its directors, officers, or employees based upon a claimed violation of
HIPAA, the Privacy Rule, the Security Rule or other laws relating to security and privacy, except
where Business Associate or its subcontractor, employee, or agent is named as an adverse party.
8.6. Disclaimer. Covered Entity makes no warranty or representation that compliance
by Business Associate with this Agreement, HIPAA, the Privacy Rule, or the Security Rule will
be adequate or satisfactory for Business Associate’s own purposes. Business Associate is solely
responsible for all decisions made by Business Associate regarding the safeguarding of PHI.
8.7. Property Rights. All PHI shall be and remain the exclusive property of Covered
Entity. Business Associate agrees that it acquires no title or rights to the PHI, including any de-
identified information, as a result of this Agreement.
8.8. Liability Limitations/Exclusions. Any limitations on liabilities or exclusions from
liability previously agreed upon shall not be applicable to breaches of this Agreement, HIPAA, the
Privacy Rule or the Security Rule and other confidentiality and privacy requirements regarding
PHI under this Agreement.
8.9. Right to Cure. Business Associate agrees that Covered Entity has the right, but not
the obligation, to cure any and all breaches of Business Associate’s privacy, security and
confidentiality obligations under this Agreement. Any expenses or costs associated with Covered
Entity’s cure of Business Associate’s breach(es) shall be borne solely by Business Associate.
8.10. Injunctive Relief. Business Associate agrees that breach of the terms and conditions
of this Agreement shall cause irreparable harm and there exists no adequate remedy of law.
Covered Entity retains all rights to seek injunctive relief to prevent or stop any breach of the terms
of this Agreement, including, but not limited to the unauthorized use or disclosure of PHI by
Business Associate or any agent, contractor or third party that received PHI from Business
Associate.
8.11. Survival. The respective rights and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement
shall survive the termination of this Agreement.
8.12. Amendment. The Parties agree to take such action as is necessary to amend this
Agreement from time to time as is necessary for Covered Entity to comply with the requirements
of the Privacy Rule, Security Rule, and HIPAA.
8.13. Regulatory References. A reference in this Agreement to a section in the Privacy
Rule or the Security Rule means the section as in effect or as amended, and for which compliance
is required.
8.14. Interpretation. Any ambiguity in this Agreement shall be interpreted to permit
compliance with the Privacy Rule, Security Rule, and HIPAA.
8.15. Entire Agreement. This document, together with any written schedules,
-12-

amendments and addenda, constitute the entire agreement of the Parties and supersedes all prior
oral and written agreements or understandings between them with respect to the matters provided
for herein.
8.16. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
with the laws of the State of Iowa a to the extent that the provisions of HIPAA or the Privacy Rule
or the Security Rule do not preempt the laws of the State of Iowa. The sole and exclusive
jurisdiction for any action arising from or relating to this agreement shall be in the state or federal courts
located in the State of Iowa.
8.17. Modifications. Any modifications to this Agreement shall be valid only if made in
writing and signed by a duly authorized agent of both Parties.
8.18. Notice. Any notice required or permitted to be given by either Party under this
Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and hand delivered (including delivery by courier) or
sent by postage prepaid certified mail return receipt requested, as follows:
If to Covered Entity: If to Business Associate:
Iowa City Community School District ClaimAid Consulting Corporation, Inc
2255 N. Dubuque Road 8141 Zionsville Rd
Iowa City, IA 52245 Indianapolis IN 46268
Attn: Jessica Jimmerson Attn: Chas LaPierre
Severability. The Parties agree that if a court determines, contrary to the intent of the Parties, that
any of the provisions or terms of this Agreement are unreasonable or contrary to public policy, or
invalid or unenforceable for any reason in fact, law, or equity, such unenforceability or validity
shall not affect the enforceability or validity of the remaining provisions and terms of this
Agreement. Should any particular provision of this Agreement be held unreasonable or
unenforceable for any reason, then such provision shall be given effect and enforced to the fullest
extent that would be reasonable and enforceable.
8.19. Waiver of Breach. No failure or delay by either Party in exercising its rights under
this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such rights, and no waiver of any breach shall constitute
a waiver of any prior, concurrent, or subsequent breach.
8.20. Titles. Titles or headings are used in this Agreement for reference only and shall
not have any effect on the construction or legal effect of this Agreement.
8.21. Independent Contractors. For purposes of this Agreement, Covered Entity and
Business Associate are and will act at all times as independent contractors. None of the provisions
of this Agreement are intended to create, nor shall be deemed or construed to create any
relationship other than that of independent entities contracting with each other for the purpose of
effecting this Agreement. None of the provisions of this Agreement shall establish or be deemed
or construed to establish any partnership, agency, employment agreement or joint venture between
the Parties.
8.22. No Third-Party Beneficiaries. It is the intent of the Parties that this Agreement is to
be effective only in regard to their rights and obligations with respect to each other. It is expressly
not the intent of the Parties to create any independent rights in any third party or to make any third-
-13-

party beneficiary of this Agreement and no privity of contract shall exist between third parties and
each Party.
Each Party to this Agreement warrants that it has full power and authority to enter into this
Agreement, and the person signing this Agreement on behalf of either Party warrants that
he/she has been duly authorized and empowered to enter into this Agreement.
Iowa City Community School District ClaimAid Consulting Corporation, Inc
Covered Entity Business Associate
By: By:
Title: Title:
Date: Date:
15440743.1
4905-7172-9295-1\14546-000
-14-