DRAFT
Limiting Spending Throughout the End of FY26
(School Year 2025 - 2026)
This document provides an overview of the spending and purchasing guidance
being provided to building administrators, department leads, and other budget
holders for the remainder of the 2025-26 school year:
General Spending
● Generally, the guidance below applies to expenditures up to $5,000.
● Any spending request of $5,000 or more must be pre-approved by the
Executive Director for Elementary or Secondary and the Chief Operating
Officer.
● Spending requests of $10,000 or more must also be approved by the Deputy
Superintendent.
Athletics / Activities
● Student athletics, activities, and events will proceed as normal.
● Transportation should be limited to yellow school buses and/or district-owned
vans.
● Booster Club, PTA/O, and dollars that have been fundraised can continue to be
spent as planned.
Building and Department Budgets
● Building budgets have been reduced overall by 20% from the year's beginning
allocation, and there will be no carryover to next year.
Credit Card / P-Card Use
● Credit card limits will be reduced by 50%.
● Access to certain categories of vendors will be restricted.
● Purchase orders should be the primary method for purchases.
Curriculum and District Events
Curriculum and district events will still occur as planned, with parameters that
minimize cost for transportation and substitute teacher requirements.
Curriculum and Supplies
Curriculum Materials Review and Pilots - K-12 ELA/ELL 7-12 World Language, 6-12
DRAFT

DRAFT
Science, and 9-12 Math:
● Delay pilot and adoption of new ELA materials for K-5.
● Discontinue PD that requires a substitute or work outside of teacher contract
time, except for required trainings to maintain compliance.
Curriculum Supplies:
● Minimize purchases to only essential items needed to implement the
curriculum.
Special Education Interventions and Materials:
● Material purchases will be approved at the department level.
● Only purchases essential to student IEP services will be approved.
Foundation Grants and Restricted Funds
● Funds that are at the Foundation remain available and accessible.
● Grants under $2,000 passed through to building accounts in September or
July may be used for approved purposes.
● Grants over $2,000 and funds housed at the Foundation remain readily
available and accessible.
Hiring Limitations and Positional Savings
● A general hiring freeze is in place for the remainder of the 2025-26 school year.
● Essential teacher hires for 2026-27 will have restricted levels of experience and
education.
Overtime
● Overtime will not be allowed without prior approval from Human Resources or
the Chief Operating Officer.
PPEL/SAVE
● Only essential work and purchases funded by PPEL/SAVE will continue
through spring 2026.
● Expenditures related to FMP 2.3 are suspended through at least July 1, 2026.
○ This timeline will be reaccessed during the summer.
Professional Development (Including Teacher Quality - TQ)
● Discontinue PD that requires a substitute or work outside of teacher contract
time, except for required trainings to maintain compliance.
DRAFT

DRAFT
Special Education
● Any coverage required for IEP meetings, problem-solving meetings, or similar
activities must be provided using building-level resources. Substitute coverage
will not be approved.
● All special education purchases must follow the district-level purchasing
process. Purchase requests must be necessary to implement a student’s IEP
and ensure the provision of a Free Appropriate Public Education (FAPE).
Substitutes
● All substitute vacancies will be created by Human Resources.
● Building substitutes should not be assigned to the role of paraprofessional.
Temporary Staff
● Temporary staff for technology, painting, grounds, and other related projects
will be significantly reduced, with all hiring on hold until closer to the summer.
Title Funds
● Title I, II, III, and IV spending will remain the same, as these programs are
funded through Federal grants.
Transportation Methods
● Transportation should be limited to yellow school buses and/or district-owned
vans.
● Yellow bus transportation is for students and adults only.
○ Equipment must be transported in trailers or other district-provided
vehicles.
Travel
● Travel will be approved as needed to fulfill outstanding obligations and for
student supervision.
● Administration and staff travel for professional development and conferences
is suspended for the remainder of the 2025-26 school year.
● Student travel to in- and out-of-district events will follow the guidelines
outlined in the Transportation Methods section.
###
DRAFT