STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT
(Iowa Student Data Privacy Consortium Standard Version 1.0)
School District or Local Education Agency
and
Provider
Version: 1r7
© 2021 Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community. All Rights Reserved.
This document may only be used by A4L Community members and may not be altered in any
substantive manner.
Version1 Page 1 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
This Student Data Privacy Agreement (“DPA”) is entered into on the date of full execution (the “Effective
Date”) and is entered into by and between:
, located at (the “Local Education
School District/LEA Street, City, State
Agency” or “LEA”) and
, located at (the “Provider”).
Provider Street, City, State
WHEREAS, the Provider is providing educational or digital services to LEA.
WHEREAS, the Provider and LEA recognize the need to protect personally identifiable
student information and other regulated data exchanged between them as required by applicable
laws and regulations, such as the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (“FERPA”) at 20 U.S.C. §
1232g (34 CFR Part 99); the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) at 15 U.S.C. §
6501-6506 (16 CFR Part 312), applicable state privacy laws and regulations and
WHEREAS, the Provider and LEA desire to enter into this DPA for the purpose of establishing
their respective obligations and duties in order to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, LEA and Provider agree as follows:
1. A description of the Services to be provided, the categories of Student Data that may be provided
by LEA to Provider, and other information specific to this DPA are contained in the Standard
Clauses hereto.
2. Special Provisions. Check if Require
If checked, the Supplemental State Terms and attached hereto as Exhibit “G” are hereby
incorporated by reference into this DPA in their entirety.
If checked, LEA and Provider agree to the additional terms or modifications set forth in
Exhibit “H”. (Optional)
If Checked, the Provider, has signed Exhibit “E” to the Standard Clauses, otherwise
known as General Offer of Privacy Terms
3. In the event of a conflict between the SDPC Standard Clauses, the State or Special Provisions
will control. In the event there is conflict between the terms of the DPA and any other writing,
including, but not limited to the Service Agreement and Provider Terms of Service or Privacy
Policy the terms of this DPA shall control.
4. This DPA shall stay in effect for three (3) years. Exhibit “E” will expire three (3) years from the
date the original DPA was signed.
5. The services to be provided by Provider to LEA pursuant to this DPA are detailed in Exhibit “A”
(the “Services”).
6. Notices. All notices or other communication required or permitted to be given hereunder may be
given via e-mail transmission, or first-class mail, sent to the designated representatives below.
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community Version1 Page 2 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
The designated representative for the LEA for this DPA is:
Name: Title:
Address:
Phone: Email:
The designated representative for the Provider for this DPA is:
Name: Title:
Address:
Phone: Email:
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, LEA and Provider execute this DPA as of the Effective Date.
Name of (cid:47)(cid:40)(cid:36):
By:
Date:
Printed Name:
Title/Position:
Name of Provider:
By:
Date:
Printed Name:
Title/Position:
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community (cid:57)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:81)(cid:20) Page 3 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
STANDARD CLAUSES
Version 1.0
ARTICLE I: PURPOSE AND SCOPE
1. Purpose of DPA. The purpose of this DPA is to describe the duties and responsibilities to protect
Student Data including compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local privacy laws, rules,
and regulations, all as may be amended from time to time. In performing the Services, the Provider
shall be considered a School Official with a legitimate educational interest, and performing
services otherwise provided by the LEA. Provider shall be under the direct control and supervision
of the LEA, with respect to its use of Student Data
2. Student Data to Be Provided. In order to perform the Services described above, LEA shall
provide Student Data as identified in the Schedule of Data, attached hereto as Exhibit “B”.
3. DPA Definitions. The definition of terms used in this DPA is found in Exhibit “C”. In the event
of a conflict, definitions used in this DPA shall prevail over terms used in any other writing,
including, but not limited to the Service Agreement, Terms of Service, Privacy Policies etc.
ARTICLE II: DATA OWNERSHIP AND AUTHORIZED ACCESS
1. Student Data Property of LEA. All Student Data transmitted to the Provider pursuant to the
Service Agreement is and will continue to be the property of and under the control of the LEA.
The Provider further acknowledges and agrees that all copies of such Student Data transmitted
to the Provider, including any modifications or additions or any portion thereof from any source,
are subject to the provisions of this DPA in the same manner as the original Student Data. The
Parties agree that as between them, all rights, including all intellectual property rights in and to
Student Data contemplated per the Service Agreement, shall remain the exclusive property of the
LEA. For the purposes of FERPA, the Provider shall be considered a School Official, under the
control and direction of the LEA as it pertains to the use of Student Data, notwithstanding the
above.
2. Parent Access. To the extent required by law the LEA shall establish reasonable procedures by
which a parent, legal guardian, or eligible student may review Education Records and/or Student
Data correct erroneous information, and procedures for the transfer of student-generated content
to a personal account, consistent with the functionality of services. Provider shall respond in a
reasonably timely manner (and no later than forty five (45) days from the date of the request or
pursuant to the time frame required under state law for an LEA to respond to a parent or student,
whichever is sooner) to the LEA’s request for Student Data in a student’s records held by the
Provider to view or correct as necessary. In the event that a parent of a student or other individual
contacts the Provider to review any of the Student Data accessed pursuant to the Services, the
Provider shall refer the parent or individual to the LEA, who will follow the necessary and proper
procedures regarding the requested information.
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community (cid:57)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:81)(cid:20) Page 4 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
3. Separate Account. If Student-Generated Content is stored or maintained by the Provider,
Provider shall, at the request of the LEA, transfer, or provide a mechanism for the LEA to transfer,
said Student-Generated Content to a separate account created by the student.
4. Law Enforcement Requests. Should law enforcement or other government entities (“Requesting
Party(ies)”) contact Provider with a request for Student Data held by the Provider pursuant to the
Services, the Provider shall notify the LEA in advance of a compelled disclosure to the Requesting
Party, unless lawfully directed by the Requesting Party not to inform the LEA of the request.
5. Subprocessors. Provider shall enter into written agreements with all Subprocessors performing
functions for the Provider in order for the Provider to provide the Services pursuant to the
Service Agreement, whereby the Subprocessors agree to protect Student Data in a manner no
less stringent than the terms of this DPA.
ARTICLE III: DUTIES OF LEA
1. Provide Data in Compliance with Applicable Laws. LEA shall provide Student Data for the
purposes of obtaining the Services in compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local
privacy laws, rules, and regulations, all as may be amended from time to time.
2. Annual Notification of Rights. If the LEA has a policy of disclosing Education Records and/or
Student Data under FERPA (34 CFR § 99.31(a)(1)), LEA shall include a specification of criteria
for determining who constitutes a school official and what constitutes a legitimate educational
interest in its annual notification of rights.
3. Reasonable Precautions. LEA shall take reasonable precautions to secure usernames,
passwords, and any other means of gaining access to the services and hosted Student Data.
4. Unauthorized Access Notification. LEA shall notify Provider promptly of any known
unauthorized access. LEA will assist Provider in any efforts by Provider to investigate and respond
to any unauthorized access.
ARTICLE IV: DUTIES OF PROVIDER
1. Privacy Compliance. The Provider shall comply with all applicable federal, state, and local laws,
rules, and regulations pertaining to Student Data privacy and security, all as may be amended
from time to time.
2. Authorized Use. The Student Data shared pursuant to the Service Agreement, including
persistent unique identifiers, shall be used for no purpose other than the Services outlined in
Exhibit “A” or stated in the Service Agreement and/or otherwise authorized under the statutes
referred to herein this DPA.
3. Provider Employee Obligation. Provider shall require all of Provider’s employees and agents
who have access to Student Data to comply with all applicable provisions of this DPA with respect
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community (cid:57)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:81)(cid:20) Page 5 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
to the Student Data shared under the Service Agreement. Provider agrees to require and maintain
an appropriate confidentiality agreement from each employee or agent with access to Student
Data pursuant to the Service Agreement.
4. No Disclosure. Provider acknowledges and agrees that it shall not make any re-disclosure of
any Student Data or any portion thereof, including without limitation, user content or other non-
public information and/or personally identifiable information contained in the Student Data other
than as directed or permitted by the LEA or this DPA. This prohibition against disclosure shall not
apply to aggregate summaries of De-Identified information, Student Data disclosed pursuant to a
lawfully issued subpoena or other legal process, or to Subprocessors performing services on
behalf of the Provider pursuant to this DPA. Provider will not Sell Student Data to any third
party.
5. De-Identified Data: Provider agrees not to attempt to re-identify De-Identified Student Data. De-
Identified Data may be used by the Provider for those purposes allowed under FERPA and the
following purposes: (1) assisting the LEA or other governmental agencies in conducting research
and other studies; and (2) research and development of the Provider's educational sites, services,
or applications, and to demonstrate the effectiveness of the Services; and (3) for adaptive
learning purpose and for customized student learning. Provider's use of De-Identified Data shall
survive termination of this DPA or any request by LEA to return or destroy Student Data. Except
for Subprocessors, Provider agrees not to transfer de-identified Student Data to any party unless
(a) that party agrees in writing not to attempt re-identification, and (b) prior written notice has been
given to the LEA who has provided prior written consent for such transfer. Prior to publishing any
document that names the LEA explicitly or indirectly, the Provider shall obtain the LEA’s written
approval of the manner in which De-Identified Data is presented.
6. Disposition of Data. Upon written request from the LEA, Provider shall dispose of or provide a
mechanism for the LEA to transfer Student Data obtained under the Service Agreement, within
sixty (60) days of the date of said request and according to a schedule and procedure as the
Parties may reasonably agree. Upon termination of this DPA, if no written request from the LEA
is received, Provider shall dispose of all Student Data after providing the LEA with reasonable
prior notice. The duty to dispose of Student Data shall not extend to Student Data that had been
De-Identified or placed in a separate student account pursuant to section II 3. The LEA may
employ a “Directive for Disposition of Data” form, a copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit
“D”. If the LEA and Provider employ Exhibit “D”, no further written request or notice is required
on the part of either party prior to the disposition of Student Data described in Exhibit “D”.
7. Advertising Limitations. Provider is prohibited from using, disclosing, or selling Student Data to
(a) inform, influence, or enable Targeted Advertising; or (b) develop a profile of a student, family
member/guardian or group, for any purpose other than providing the Service to LEA. This section
does not prohibit Provider from using Student Data (i) for adaptive learning or customized student
learning (including generating personalized learning recommendations); or (ii) to make product
recommendations to teachers or LEA employees; or (iii) to notify account holders about new
education product updates, features, or services or from otherwise using Student Data as
permitted in this DPA and its accompanying exhibits
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community (cid:57)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:81)(cid:20) Page 6 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
ARTICLE V: DATA PROVISIONS
1. Data Storage. Where required by applicable law, Student Data shall be stored within the United
States. Upon request of the LEA, Provider will provide a list of the locations where Student Data
is stored.
2. Audits. No more than once a year, or following unauthorized access, upon receipt of a written
request from the LEA with at least ten (10) business days’ notice and upon the execution of an
appropriate confidentiality agreement, the Provider will allow the LEA to audit the security and
privacy measures that are in place to ensure protection of Student Data or any portion thereof as
it pertains to the delivery of services to the LEA . The Provider will cooperate reasonably with the
LEA and any local, state, or federal agency with oversight authority or jurisdiction in connection
with any audit or investigation of the Provider and/or delivery of Services to students and/or LEA,
and shall provide reasonable access to the Provider’s facilities, staff, agents and LEA’s Student
Data and all records pertaining to the Provider, LEA and delivery of Services to the LEA. Failure
to reasonably cooperate shall be deemed a material breach of the DPA.
3. Data Security. The Provider agrees to utilize administrative, physical, and technical safeguards
designed to protect Student Data from unauthorized access, disclosure, acquisition, destruction,
use, or modification. The Provider shall adhere to any applicable law relating to data security. The
provider shall implement an adequate Cybersecurity Framework based on one of the nationally
recognized standards set forth in Exhibit “F”. Exclusions, variations, or exemptions to the
identified Cybersecurity Framework must be detailed in an attachment to Exhibit “H”.
Additionally, Provider may choose to further detail its security programs and measures that
augment or are in addition to the Cybersecurity Framework in Exhibit “F”. Provider shall provide,
in the Standard Schedule to the DPA, contact information of an employee who LEA may contact
if there are any data security concerns or questions.
4. Data Breach. In the event of an unauthorized release, disclosure or acquisition of Student Data
that compromises the security, confidentiality or integrity of the Student Data maintained by the
Provider the Provider shall provide notification to LEA within seventy-two (72) hours of
confirmation of the incident, unless notification within this time limit would disrupt investigation of
the incident by law enforcement. In such an event, notification shall be made within a reasonable
time after the incident. Provider shall follow the following process:
(1) The security breach notification described above shall include, at a minimum, the following
information to the extent known by the Provider and as it becomes available:
i. The name and contact information of the reporting LEA subject to this section.
ii. A list of the types of personal information that were or are reasonably believed to
have been the subject of a breach.
iii. If the information is possible to determine at the time the notice is provided, then
either (1) the date of the breach, (2) the estimated date of the breach, or (3) the
date range within which the breach occurred. The notification shall also include the
date of the notice.
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community (cid:57)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:81)(cid:20) Page 7 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
iv. Whether the notification was delayed as a result of a law enforcement
investigation, if that information is possible to determine at the time the notice is
provided; and
v. A general description of the breach incident, if that information is possible to
determine at the time the notice is provided.
(2) Provider agrees to adhere to all federal and state requirements with respect to a data
breach related to the Student Data, including, when appropriate or required, the required
responsibilities and procedures for notification and mitigation of any such data breach.
(3) Provider further acknowledges and agrees to have a written incident response plan that
reflects best practices and is consistent with industry standards and federal and state law
for responding to a data breach, breach of security, privacy incident or unauthorized
acquisition or use of Student Data or any portion thereof, including personally identifiable
information and agrees to provide LEA, upon request, with a summary of said written
incident response plan.
(4) LEA shall provide notice and facts surrounding the breach to the affected students,
parents or guardians.
(5) In the event of a breach originating from LEA’s use of the Service, Provider shall cooperate
with LEA to the extent necessary to expeditiously secure Student Data.
ARTICLE VI: GENERAL OFFER OF TERMS
Provider may, by signing the attached form of “General Offer of Privacy Terms” (General Offer, attached
hereto as Exhibit “E”), be bound by the terms of Exhibit “E” to any other LEA who signs the acceptance
on said Exhibit. The form is limited by the terms and conditions described therein.
ARTICLE VII: MISCELLANEOUS
1. Termination. In the event that either Party seeks to terminate this DPA, they may do so by mutual
written consent so long as the Service Agreement has lapsed or has been terminated. Either party
may terminate this DPA and any service agreement or contract if the other party breaches any
terms of this DPA.
2. Effect of Termination Survival. If the Service Agreement is terminated, the Provider shall
destroy all of LEA’s Student Data pursuant to Article IV, section 6.
3. Priority of Agreements. This DPA shall govern the treatment of Student Data in order to comply
with the privacy protections, including those found in FERPA and all applicable privacy statutes
identified in this DPA. In the event there is conflict between the terms of the DPA and the Service
Agreement, Terms of Service, Privacy Policies, or with any other bid/RFP, license agreement, or
writing, the terms of this DPA shall apply and take precedence. In the event of a conflict between
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community (cid:57)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:81)(cid:20) Page 8 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
Exhibit “H”, the SDPC Standard Clauses, and/or the Supplemental State Terms, Exhibit “H”
will control, followed by the Supplemental State Terms. Except as described in this paragraph
herein, all other provisions of the Service Agreement shall remain in effect.
4. Entire Agreement. This DPA and the Service Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the
Parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior communications,
representations, or agreements, oral or written, by the Parties relating thereto. This DPA may be
amended and the observance of any provision of this DPA may be waived (either generally or in
any particular instance and either retroactively or prospectively) only with the signed written
consent of both Parties. Neither failure nor delay on the part of any Party in exercising any right,
power, or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver of such right, nor shall any single or partial
exercise of any such right, power, or privilege preclude any further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right, power, or privilege.
5. Severability. Any provision of this DPA that is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall,
as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without
invalidating the remaining provisions of this DPA, and any such prohibition or unenforceability in
any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other
jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such provision could be more narrowly drawn so as
not to be prohibited or unenforceable in such jurisdiction while, at the same time, maintaining the
intent of the Parties, it shall, as to such jurisdiction, be so narrowly drawn without invalidating the
remaining provisions of this DPA or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any
other jurisdiction.
6. Governing Law; Venue and Jurisdiction. THIS DPA WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF THE LEA, WITHOUT
REGARD TO CONFLICTS OF LAW PRINCIPLES. EACH PARTY CONSENTS AND SUBMITS
TO THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION TO THE STATE AND FEDERAL COURTS
FOR THE COUNTY OF THE LEA FOR ANY DISPUTE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
THIS DPA OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
7. Successors Bound: This DPA is and shall be binding upon the respective successors in interest
to Provider in the event of a merger, acquisition, consolidation or other business reorganization
or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of such business In the event that the Provider sells,
merges, or otherwise disposes of its business to a successor during the term of this DPA, the
Provider shall provide written notice to the LEA no later than sixty (60) days after the closing date
of sale, merger, or disposal. Such notice shall include a written, signed assurance that the
successor will assume the obligations of the DPA and any obligations with respect to Student
Data within the Service Agreement. The LEA has the authority to terminate the DPA if it
disapproves of the successor to whom the Provider is selling, merging, or otherwise disposing of
its business.
8. Authority. Each party represents that it is authorized to bind to the terms of this DPA, including
confidentiality and destruction of Student Data and any portion thereof contained therein, all
related or associated institutions, individuals, employees or contractors who may have access to
the Student Data and/or any portion thereof.
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community (cid:57)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:81)(cid:20) Page 9 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
9. Waiver. No delay or omission by either party to exercise any right hereunder shall be construed
as a waiver of any such right and both parties reserve the right to exercise any such right from
time to time, as often as may be deemed expedient.
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community (cid:57)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:81)(cid:20) Page 10 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
EXHIBIT “A”
DESCRIPTION OF SERVICES
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community (cid:57)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:81)(cid:20) Page 11 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
EXHIBIT “B”
SCHEDULE OF DATA
Check if Used
Category of Data Elements by Your
System
Application Technology IP Addresses of users, Use of cookies, etc.
Meta Data
Other application technology meta data-Please specify:
Application Use
Meta data on user interaction with application
Statistics
Assessment Standardized test scores
Observation data
Other assessment data-Please specify:
Attendance Student school (daily) attendance data
Student class attendance data
Communications Online communications captured (emails, blog entries)
Conduct Conduct or behavioral data
Demographics Date of Birth
Place of Birth
Gender
Ethnicity or race
Language information (native, or primary language
spoken by student)
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community (cid:57)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:81)(cid:20) Page 12 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
Check if Used
Category of Data Elements by Your
System
Other demographic information-Please specify:
Enrollment Student school enrollment
Student grade level
Homeroom
Guidance counselor
Specific curriculum programs
Year of graduation
Other enrollment information-Please specify:
Parent/Guardian Address
Contact Information
Email
Phone
Parent/Guardian ID Parent ID number (created to link parents to students)
Parent/Guardian Name First and/or Last
Schedule Student scheduled courses
Teacher names
Special Indicator English language learner information
Low income status
Medical alerts/ health data
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community (cid:57)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:81)(cid:20) Page 13 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
Check if Used
Category of Data Elements by Your
System
Student disability information
Specialized education services (IEP or 504)
Living situations (homeless/foster care)
Other indicator information-Please specify:
Student Contact Address
Information
Email
Phone
Student Identifiers Local (School district) ID number
State ID number
Provider/App assigned student ID number
Student app username
Student app passwords
Student Name First and/or Last
Student In App Program/application performance (typing program-
Performance student types 60 wpm, reading program-student reads
below grade level)
Student Program Academic or extracurricular activities a student may
Membership belong to or participate in
Student Survey
Student responses to surveys or questionnaires
Responses
Student work Student generated content; writing, pictures, etc.
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community (cid:57)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:81)(cid:20) Page 14 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
Check if Used
Category of Data Elements by Your
System
Other student work data -Please specify:
Transcript Student course grades
Student course data
Student course grades/ performance scores
Other transcript data - Please specify:
Transportation Student bus assignment
Student pick up and/or drop off location
Student bus card ID number
Other transportation data – Please specify:
Other Please list each additional data element used, stored, or collected by your
application:
None
No Student Data collected at this time. Provider will
immediately notify LEA if this designation is no longer
applicable.
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community (cid:57)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:81)(cid:20) Page 15 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
EXHIBIT “C”
DEFINITIONS
De-Identified Data and De-Identification: Records and information are considered to be De-Identified
when all personally identifiable information has been removed or obscured, such that the remaining
information does not reasonably identify a specific individual, including, but not limited to, any information
that, alone or in combination is linkable to a specific student and provided that the educational agency,
or other party, has made a reasonable determination that a student’s identity is not personally identifiable,
taking into account reasonable available information.
Educational Records: Educational Records are records, files, documents, and other materials directly
related to a student and maintained by the school or local education agency, or by a person acting for
such school or local education agency, including but not limited to, records encompassing all the material
kept in the student’s cumulative folder, such as general identifying data, records of attendance and of
academic work completed, records of achievement, and results of evaluative tests, health data,
disciplinary status, test protocols and individualized education programs.
Metadata: means information that provides meaning and context to other data being collected; including,
but not limited to: date and time records and purpose of creation Metadata that have been stripped of all
direct and indirect identifiers are not considered Personally Identifiable Information.
Operator: means the operator of an internet website, online service, online application, or mobile
application with actual knowledge that the site, service, or application is used for K–12 school purposes.
Any entity that operates an internet website, online service, online application, or mobile application that
has entered into a signed, written agreement with an LEA to provide a service to that LEA shall be
considered an “operator” for the purposes of this section.
Originating LEA: An LEA who originally executes the DPA in its entirety with the Provider.
Provider: For purposes of the DPA, the term “Provider” means provider of digital educational software
or services, including cloud-based services, for the digital storage, management, and retrieval of Student
Data. Within the DPA the term “Provider” includes the term “Third Party” and the term “Operator” as used
in applicable state statutes.
Student Generated Content: The term “Student-Generated Content” means materials or content
created by a student in the services including, but not limited to, essays, research reports, portfolios,
creative writing, music or other audio files, photographs, videos, and account information that enables
ongoing ownership of student content.
School Official: For the purposes of this DPA and pursuant to 34 CFR § 99.31(b), a School Official is a
contractor that: (1) Performs an institutional service or function for which the agency or institution would
otherwise use employees; (2) Is under the direct control of the agency or institution with respect to the
use and maintenance of Student Data including Education Records; and (3) Is subject to 34 CFR §
99.33(a) governing the use and re-disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information from Education
Records.
Service Agreement: Refers to the Contract, Purchase Order or Terms of Service or Terms of Use.
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community (cid:57)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:81)(cid:20) Page 16 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
Student Data: Student Data includes any data, whether gathered by Provider or provided by LEA or its
users, students, or students’ parents/guardians, that is descriptive of the student including, but not limited
to, information in the student’s educational record or email, first and last name, birthdate, home or other
physical address, telephone number, email address, or other information allowing physical or online
contact, discipline records, videos, test results, special education data, juvenile dependency records,
grades, evaluations, criminal records, medical records, health records, social security numbers, biometric
information, disabilities, socioeconomic information, individual purchasing behavior or preferences, food
purchases, political affiliations, religious information, text messages, documents, student identifiers,
search activity, photos, voice recordings, geolocation information, parents’ names, or any other
information or identification number that would provide information about a specific student. Student Data
includes Meta Data. Student Data further includes “Personally Identifiable Information (PII),” as defined
in 34 C.F.R. § 99.3 and as defined under any applicable state law. Student Data shall constitute Education
Records for the purposes of this DPA, and for the purposes of federal, state, and local laws and
regulations. Student Data as specified in Exhibit “B” is confirmed to be collected or processed by the
Provider pursuant to the Services. Student Data shall not constitute that information that has been
anonymized or De-Identified, or anonymous usage data regarding a student’s use of Provider’s services.
Subprocessor: For the purposes of this DPA, the term “Subprocessor” (sometimes referred to as the
“Subcontractor”) means a party other than LEA or Provider, who Provider uses for data collection,
analytics, storage, or other service to operate and/or improve its service, and who has access to Student
Data.
Subscribing LEA: An LEA that was not party to the original Service Agreement and who accepts the
Provider’s General Offer of Privacy Terms.
Targeted Advertising: means presenting an advertisement to a student where the selection of the
advertisement is based on Student Data or inferred over time from the usage of the operator's Internet
web site, online service or mobile application by such student or the retention of such student's online
activities or requests over time for the purpose of targeting subsequent advertisements. "Targeted
Advertising" does not include any advertising to a student on an Internet web site based on the content
of the web page or in response to a student's response or request for information or feedback.
Third Party: The term “Third Party” means a provider of digital educational software or services, including
cloud-based services, for the digital storage, management, and retrieval of Education Records and/or
Student Data, as that term is used in some state statutes. However, for the purpose of this DPA, the term
“Third Party” when used to indicate the provider of digital educational software or services is replaced by
the term “Provider.”
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community Version1 Page 17 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
EXHIBIT “D”
DIRECTIVE FOR DISPOSITION OF DATA
directs Provider to dispose of data obtained by Provider
pursuant to the terms of the Service Agreement between LEA and Provider. The terms of the Disposition
are set forth below:
1. Extent of Disposition
_____ Disposition is partial. The categories of data to be disposed of are set forth below or are
found in an attachment to this Directive:
_____ Disposition is Complete. Disposition extends to all categories of data.
2. Nature of Disposition
_____ Disposition shall be by destruction or deletion of data.
_____ Disposition shall be by a transfer of data. The data shall be transferred to the following site
as follows:
3. Schedule of Disposition
Data shall be disposed of by the following date:
_____ As soon as commercially practicable.
_____ By the following date:
4. Signature
________________________________________ __________________
Authorized Representative of LEA Date
5. Verification of Disposition of Data
_________________________________________ ______________
Authorized Representative of Provider Date
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community (cid:57)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:81)(cid:20) Page 18 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
EXHIBIT “E”
GENERAL OFFER OF PRIVACY TERMS
1. Offer of Terms
Provider offers the same privacy protections found in this DPA between it and [Insert Name of
Originating LEA] (“Originating LEA”) which is dated [Insert Date], to any other LEA (“Subscribing LEA”)
who accepts this General Offer of Privacy Terms (“General Offer”) through its signature below. This
General Offer shall extend only to privacy protections, and Provider’s signature shall not necessarily bind
Provider to other terms, such as price, term, or schedule of services, or to any other provision not
addressed in this DPA. The Provider and the Subscribing LEA may also agree to change the data
provided by Subscribing LEA to the Provider to suit the unique needs of the Subscribing LEA. The
Provider may withdraw the General Offer in the event of: (1) a material change in the applicable privacy
statues; (2) a material change in the services and products listed in the originating Service Agreement;
or three (3) years after the date of Provider’s signature to this Form. Subscribing LEAs should send the
signed Exhibit “E” to Provider at the following email address:
Name of Provider:
BY:
Date:
Printed Name:
Title/Position:
2. Subscribing LEA
A Subscribing LEA, by signing a separate Service Agreement with Provider, and by its signature below,
accepts the General Offer of Privacy Terms. The Subscribing LEA and the Provider shall therefore be
bound by the same terms of this DPA for the term of the DPA between the [Insert Name of Originating
LEA] and the Provider. **PRIOR TO ITS EFFECTIVENESS, SUBSCRIBING LEA MUST DELIVER
NOTICE OF ACCEPTANCE TO PROVIDER PURSUANT TO ARTICLE VII, SECTION 5. **
Name of (cid:47)(cid:40)(cid:36):
BY: Date:
Printed Name: Title/Position:
SCHOOL DISTRICT NAME:
DESIGNATED REPRESENTATIVE OF LEA:
Name: Title:
Address:
Telephone Number: Email:
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community (cid:57)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:81)(cid:20) Page 19 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
EXHIBIT “F”
DATA SECURITY REQUIREMENTS
Adequate Cybersecurity Frameworks
2/24/2020
The Education Security and Privacy Exchange (“Edspex”) works in partnership with the Student Data
Privacy Consortium and industry leaders to maintain a list of known and credible cybersecurity
frameworks which can protect digital learning ecosystems chosen based on a set of guiding cybersecurity
principles* (“Cybersecurity Frameworks”) that may be utilized by Provider .
Cybersecurity Frameworks
MAINTAINING ORGANIZATION/GROUP FRAMEWORK(S)
National Institute of Standards and NIST Cybersecurity Framework Version 1.1
Technology (NIST)
National Institute of Standards and NIST SP 800-53, Cybersecurity Framework
Technology (NIST) for Improving Critical Infrastructure
Cybersecurity (CSF), Special Publication
800-171
International Standards Organization Information technology — Security
(ISO) techniques — Information security
management systems (ISO 27000 series)
Secure Controls Framework Council, LLC Security Controls Framework (SCF)
Center for Internet Security (CIS) CIS Critical Security Controls (CSC, CIS Top
20)
Office of the Under Secretary of Defense Cybersecurity Maturity Model Certification
for Acquisition and Sustainment (CMMC, ~FAR/DFAR)
(OUSD(A&S))
Please visit http://www.edspex.org for further details about the noted frameworks.
*Cybersecurity Principles used to choose the Cybersecurity Frameworks are located here
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community (cid:57)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:81)(cid:20) Page 20 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
EXHIBIT “G”
Supplemental SDPC State Terms for (cid:44)o(cid:90)a
Version ____________
[The State Supplement is an optional set of terms that will be generated on an as-needed basis in
collaboration between the national SDPC legal working group and the State Consortia. The scope of
these State Supplements will be to address any state specific data privacy statutes and their requirements
to the extent that they require terms in addition to or different from the National Standard Clauses. The
State Supplements will be written in a manner such that they will not be edited/updated by individual
parties and will be posted on the SDPC website to provide the authoritative version of the terms. Any
changes by LEAs or Providers will be made in amendment form in an Exhibit (Exhibit “H” in this
proposed structure).]
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community (cid:57)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:81)(cid:20) Page 21 of 22

STANDARD STUDENT DATA PRIVACY AGREEMENT ISDPC Standard Version 1.0
EXHIBIT “H”
Additional Terms or Modifications
Version ____________
LEA and Provider agree to the following additional terms and modifications:
This is a free text field that the parties can use to add or modify terms in or to the DPA. If there are no
additional or modified terms, this field should read “None.”
618-1/4715859.1
© Access 4 Learning (A4L) Community (cid:57)(cid:72)(cid:85)(cid:86)(cid:76)(cid:82)(cid:81)(cid:20) Page 22 of 22