DLR Group inc.
an Iowa corporation
1430 Locust Street, Suite 200
Des Moines, IA 50309
December 1, 2025
Iowa City Community School District
Jarod Tylee – Crafts Manager
1137 S. Riverside Drive
Iowa City, IA 52246
Re: Iowa City CSD Elementary Kitchen Renovations
DLR Group Project No.: 11-26104-00
Jarod:
On behalf of DLR Group, thank you for the opportunity to support your District team and assist with the kitchen
renovation projects at Grant Wood Elementary and Kate Wickham Elementary.
The scope of work discussed during our kick-off meeting on Monday, November 17 includes reconfiguring the
existing kitchen layout at both schools, including potential wall changes and mechanical unit relocations, ceiling
and lighting updates, and installation of new food service equipment and plumbing fixtures. Finishes and
flooring will be reviewed with the District to determine what improvements can be included in the scope of work
and approved budget. We will discuss the scope of work in more detail at our planned December 17 meeting at
Grant Wood Elementary.
It is our understanding that the District intends to set the construction budget for these two separate projects at
a value that will allow for construction agreements based on competitive quotes, which was described by the
District as remaining below $196,000 per project. This construction budget does not include the cost of new
food service equipment, which is allocated from a separate District budget.
The intended schedule for these two projects was described by the District as follows:
 Grant Wood Elementary: Construction to occur during Summer 2026. Design will move forward
beginning in December with the intent of finalizing drawings and coordinating construction agreements
by early Spring 2026.
 Kate Wickham Elementary: the District is evaluating whether this project will occur during Summer
2026 or Summer 2027. The intent is to complete design in early spring 2026 to allow for the
coordination of any mechanical updates that need to be added to the in-progress 2026 HVAC
improvements project.
Our services for each of these two separate projects will include construction drawings (including architectural,
mechanical, and electrical, as needed) and all related specifications. The work by all design disciplines will be
provided by the in-house DLR Group team. Note that food service consultant design is not included for these
projects. The design services for these projects are based on the District pursuing competitive quotes for
construction, rather than using the design-bid-build process.
Based on this scope of work and the anticipated construction budgets, DLR Group proposes a design fee of
$22,500 for each of the two proposed projects. This is equivalent to a project fee percentage of 12% based on
the proposed budget of approximately $190,000. When this budget is finalized during design development, the
fee will be evaluated accordingly.

Iowa City Community School District
December 1, 2025
Page 2
If this proposal for services is acceptable, DLR Group will put together an AIA B101 Standard Form of
Agreement Between Owner and Architect. The agreement will outline the agreed-upon scope of work, the
proposed fee structure, and typical language for project administration.
Thank you again for the opportunity to serve Iowa City Community School District as a design partner. Please
reach out any time if you have questions about this proposal, thanks!
Respectfully Submitted,
DLR Group, inc. (an Iowa corporation)
Andrew Reich, AIA
K-12 Education Client Leader | Principal
Encl: -